TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 001_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Selynn. What are you working on?
— Oh hi Peter. I'm trying to finish my presentation for tomorrow's meeting. I'm way behind.
— I worked late yesterday finishing mine. Is there anything I can do to help you?
— Thanks, but not right now. I'll let you know if I need anything later.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation taking place?
(B) In an office
2). What problem does the woman have?
(C) She is struggling with her presentation.
3). What does the man offer?
(A) To help

This transcript refers to the audio file 002_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Crusty Catering. How may I help you today?
— Yes, I'm with the Colbert Corporation. We're having a company party next Friday, and I
need to arrange for all the food and drinks.
— OK. How many people do you expect to entertain? And will it be an indoor or outdoor
affair?
— About 100 employees will be there. And we'll hold it indoors in one of our large conference
rooms.
Answer keys
1). What does the man plan to do?
(A) Have a party
2). Why does the man call the woman?
(D) To order food and drinks
3). Where will the party be held?
(B) At the man's company

Photocopiable

1

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 003_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey, Cindy. How are you doing with your new business?
— Hey, Greg. It's going well. I signed up two new clients last week, and now I have five total.
— Wow, five already. That's great! How do you like being self-employed?
— Oh it's wonderful. I can work from home, and even from the coffee shop. And I can set my
own hours. I did a conference call last week while I was wearing my night gown and
bathrobe.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers talking about?
(C) The woman's business
2). How many clients does the woman have?
(D) Five
3). What does the woman say about self employment?
(A) She loves it

This transcript refers to the audio file 004_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, XYZ Accounting? Could I speak to Craig Robinson please?
— Mr. Robinson's in a meeting right now. Can I put you through to his voice mail?
— No thanks. I'll try back later. I just have a couple of quick questions about deductions for
my tax return.
— Oh, maybe another accountant could help you. I think Gina Bowers could answer your
questions. Yes, she's in. Hold on a second; I'll transfer you.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(B) Get information
2). What position does Mr. Robinson hold?
(A) Accountant
3). What does the man suggest the woman do?
(D) Speak with someone else

Photocopiable

2

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 005_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me. I'm afraid I'm a bit lost. I'm looking for the library.
— The library? Let's see. The best way to get there is to go back to this street in front of the
store and turn left. Go two intersections, then take a right onto 72nd Street.
— A right at 72nd?
— Yes. The next stoplight will be Williams street. Turn left, and you'll see the library a half
block down on the left-hand side.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the man have?
(C) He needs directions.
2). Where does the man want to go?
(C) To the library
3). What should the man do at 72nd Street?
(B) Turn right

This transcript refers to the audio file 006_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Honey, we need to cut our expenses. I think we should refinance our mortgage. I heard an
ad on the radio today. It said that the interest rate right now is only 5 percent.
— Hmm... That's a good idea. What's our mortgage payment now, about $300 a month?
— Yes. I called the phone number on the radio ad. The gentleman said we could lower our
payment to about $200 a month if we refinance soon.
— Let's make an appointment with the mortgage company. We sure could use an extra
hundred bucks each month.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(D) Husband and wife
2). What does the woman suggest?
(A) Reducing the house payment
3). What will the speakers probably do next?
(A) Schedule a meeting

Photocopiable

3

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 007_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Oh no. The phone company dropped my call again, right in the middle of the conversation!
I'm fed up with Z-Mobile!
— I use Rewired. I hardly ever get dropped, and long distance calls in the US and Canada
are free. Plus, I can choose four friends to talk with each month as long as I like.
— Really? You get unlimited minutes with four people? How much do you pay each month?
— I pay a flat fee of $70 for up to 700 minutes, but you can choose pay-as-you go plans too.
I really like Rewired. You should check it out.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) Cell-phone companies
2). What problem does the man have?
(C) His call got cut off
3). How does the woman suggest solving the problem?
(B) By considering a new cell-phone carrier

This transcript refers to the audio file 008_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Mark, what's the policy for vacation requests? I'd like to take time off in July, when the
kids are out of school.
— You and everybody else. You've got to submit a form to Human Resources. It's first come,
first serve, based on seniority.
— I see. My chances wouldn't be very good then, would they? Maybe I should try for
February, when the kids have mid-winter break.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Colleagues
2). What is the woman planning to do?
(D) Take a vacation
3). What does the man say about vacation requests?
(C) Senior employees get first choice

Photocopiable

4

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 009_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I need a round-trip, first-class ticket to Seoul, leaving on the 13th and returning on
the 20th.
— Yes sir. Let's see... we have two flights on the 13th. The first is non-stop and leaves at 7
a.m. The second leaves at 11 a.m. with a two-hour layover in Tokyo. And for the return flight
on the 20th, the non-stop leaves at 8 a.m., and the layover flight leaves at noon.
— I'd prefer the non-stop, if it's not much more expensive.
— The non-stop is $500; and the flight with the Tokyo layover is $475.
Answer keys
1). What does the man want to do?
(C) Buy an airline ticket
2). What position does the woman hold?
(B) Salesperson
3). What will the man probably do next?
(A) Buy a ticket for the non-stop flight

This transcript refers to the audio file 010_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, the 20th won't work for you. How about something the following week?
— That would be the week of the 23rd. Let's see... I have time on Monday afternoon and
Wednesday morning. Does either of those work for you?
— Monday doesn't; I'll be out of town. Wednesday, later in the morning would. Say, 11:30?
— OK, 11:30 Wednesday. Where?
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the conversation?
(D) To set an appointment
2). Why can't the woman meet the man on Monday?
(B) She will be travelling
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(C) Suggest a location

Photocopiable

5

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 011_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Look at the price of this bread. Three-ninety-nine a loaf? Can you believe it? Last summer
it was only two-seventy-five!
— I know. Everything's going up so fast. This coffee has jumped from four dollars to five
twenty five. And eggs went from one eighty nine to three thirty two.
— It's not just food either. My electricity bill's soaring, and I read this morning that garbage
collection is going up 15 percent next year. I don't know how I'm going to afford it.
— Me either. My salary can't keep up with inflation. Our family's had to cut back on lots of
things. We just got rid of our cable television, and we're going down to one car soon.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers doing?
(B) Shopping for groceries
2). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(D) To complain
3). What does the man plan to do?
(A) Get rid of his second car

This transcript refers to the audio file 012_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Well, Ms. Gantz, your resume is certainly impressive, and I see you have a lot of
experience in the electronics field. Now I'd like to ask you a few questions. First, why do you
want to join our firm?
— Eldridge Electronics is one of the most well-respected companies in the industry. Not only
for the quality of your products, but for the way employees are treated. Eldridge offers an
opportunity to challenge myself, and to be fairly rewarded for doing so.
— I see. And does your current employer know that you are in the market for a new position?
— Not explicitly, but my manager understands that I've been there six years now, and I've
basically reached the top of the ladder in terms of what I can do with them. In fact, he
recently joked that he'd better find a way to keep me busy or else he'd lose me.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(A) Manager-applicant
2). What does the woman want to do?
(C) Change jobs
3). What does the woman say about her current position?
(B) It's not challenging enough.

Photocopiable

6

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 013_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Jessica, Merry Christmas! I haven't seen you since the last company party. What's
new in the sales department?
— Hello there Henry. Merry Christmas to you too! I've been busy, mate. I just got back from
Hong Kong, and after the holidays I leave again for Europe. The new XP3000 is selling like
hot cakes. We can't seem to keep enough in stock. How are things in accounting?
— We've been hopping too, trying to get all the end-of-the-year sales figures done by next
week. It looks like we're going to beat the industry analysts' fourth-quarter estimates by about
15 percent.
— That's wonderful news, of course. But frankly, I could do with a bit of a rest. I hope things
either cool down or we make some new hires. I've hardly had time to do Christmas shopping
for my family! But anyway... cheers!
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation probably taking place?
(D) At a Christmas party
2). What position does the woman hold?
(C) Sales representative
3). What will the man and woman do next?
(B) Drink a toast

This transcript refers to the audio file 014_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Good morning, Mr. Wooster. Bill Callahan rang this morning, and he wants to reschedule
his meeting with you from this afternoon to 8 a.m. tomorrow. Also, Ms. Flaxon from the
Bermuda Group faxed a contract proposal. It's on your desk. She'd appreciate a response by
Thursday, if possible.
— Morning, Ms. Hobbs. Yes, go ahead and move the Callahan meeting to tomorrow, then
ring Paul Frazier and ask if he has time for a conference call this afternoon, say about 3. If he
doesn't, let's aim for late tomorrow morning.
— Very good sir. Also, don't forget you have a noon luncheon today at the Rotary Club.
— Thank you. That reminds me, could you please phone Dryden's Dry Cleaners and have
them deliver my blue knit suit by 11:30? I'd like to wear that to lunch.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(C) The man's schedule
2). What is the woman's position?
(A) Secretary
3). What will the man do at noon?
(D) Attend a special luncheon

Photocopiable

7

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 015_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Sue? This is Damon Guenther. My plane had an electrical problem, so my flight
from Munich was delayed and I missed my connecting flight here in Chicago. The earliest
flight I can catch leaves at 4:30 and arrives in Denver at 7, so I'm going to miss the
presentation at 3 today.
— I'm sorry to hear that, Damon. Unfortunately, we can't reschedule the presentation,
because Sam Hawthorn has come from Boston to give it, and he has to return tonight. But I'd
really like you to see it.
— I know. Is there any way you could set it up as a videoconference? That way, I could stay
in Chicago and participate online.
— That's a good idea. I'll try. Let me talk with our technical support crew, and I'll get back to
you soon. Meanwhile, go ahead and book the 4:30 flight. In a worst-case, we'll videotape the
presentation and you can watch it tonight after you arrive.
Answer keys
1). What is the man's problem?
(B) His plane arrived late.
2). When will the man's flight depart?
(B) At 4:30
3). Where is the man now?
(C) In Chicago

This transcript refers to the audio file 016_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— OK, Mr. Lancaster. Let me summarize your order. You want two cases of printer ink —
one black and one color; 50 reams of copy paper — the bright white kind; six cartons of legal
envelopes; and 50 boxes of manila folders. Is that correct?
— Yes it is. And can I expect that to arrive within a week? We need it by next Monday.
— With standard shipping, it will get there within 7 to 10 business days. If you need it sooner,
we should use expedited shipping. That would cost $30 instead of $15 for standard, but it
would guarantee arrival within 3 to 5 days.
— Hmm... well, I guess we'll have to go with the expedited, then. Would it be possible to
order additional items for the same shipping fee?
— Sure. You could add up to 25 pounds on your order. But after that, the expedited fee
would be $2 per five pounds.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(A) Salesman-buyer
2). What is the man's problem?
(C) He needs the order within a week.
3). What does the woman suggest?
(D) Using faster shipping

Photocopiable

8

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 017_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Good day, how can I help you madam?
— I'm afraid I need to return this mobile phone. You see, it doesn't work properly. First of all,
the numbers 5 and 9 stick when I dial. Secondly, the camera won't switch on when I want to
take pictures.
— I see. Terribly sorry about that. Our store policy is no refunds, but as long as you have
your receipt, you can exchange the phone for any model of equal or lesser value. And I'll
check to make sure your new phone works properly before you leave the store.
— Thank you very much. I'll have a look around then, and decide which one I want. Do you
have any recommendations?
Answer keys
1). What problem does the woman have?
(A) Her cell phone isn't working.
2). Where is this conversation taking place?
(B) In a store
3). What will the man probably do next?
(C) Help the woman choose a phone

This transcript refers to the audio file 018_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Congratulations, Gino! Or should I say, "Vice President Martenelli?"
— (chuckles) Not yet, Marie. It doesn't take effect until next month. I am excited about the
new opportunity though. And a little scared too, to tell you the truth. It's more money, but also
a LOT more responsibility. I'm not sure I'm ready for this.
— Sure you are. And you're going to do just great! After all, Ms. Robertson wouldn't have
chosen you if she didn't think you were well-qualified. You've earned your new position, so
relax. I'm proud of you!
— Thanks, Marie. Actually, I am going to relax for a while. I'm taking some vacation time and
going to Mexico for a week before I start.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A job promotion
2). What does the woman say about the man?
(D) He will make a good vice president.
3). What does the man plan to do?
(D) Go on vacation

Photocopiable

9

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 019_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Betty, fancy seeing you here. I didn't know you rode the subway.
— I don't usually. It's just that I'm fed up with driving and paying so much for gas, and the
buses are crowded and unreliable. So I thought I'd give this a try.
— I know what you mean. I started taking the subway two years ago, and it's wonderful!
From the Scott Street station, it's only a block and a half to our building. And going home, the
52nd Street stop is only two blocks from my apartment. When I was driving, I wasn't getting
nearly as much exercise.
— Exactly! Plus, the subway's cheaper than gas in the long run. And the trains leave every
15 minutes, so if I miss one I don't have to wait long for another. So, did you say we should
get off at Scott Street?
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Business colleagues
2). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) The merits of the subway
3). What does the woman say about the subway?
(C) It's more convenient than a bus.

This transcript refers to the audio file 020_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, my name is Sarah Simmons, and I'd like to cancel my cable-TV service please.
— Certainly, Ms. Simmons. Could I ask the reason why you're canceling?
— It's just too expensive right now, and there are so many channels that we never watch.
We're finding it's not a good value for our money.
— I understand, ma'm. I see that you have our premium package. Have you considered
trying a different package, such as cable basic or basic-plus? These cost less, and also give
you fewer channels.
— We've considered it, but we can't afford even basic cable right now. You see, my husband
was just laid-off. So I'm afraid we'll need to cancel all cable for the time being.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(B) Stop receiving cable television
2). What does the man suggest?
(A) Switching to a cheaper package
3). Why does the woman say she can no longer afford cable?
(A) Her husband lost his job.

Photocopiable

10

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 021_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Lance Smithers? This is Victoria Balderston in corporate headquarters. The reason
I'm calling is that I haven't received last month's expense reports from your office yet, and
they were due on Tuesday. Was this something that was overlooked?
— No, actually sent them to you on Monday with the company courier. I'm sure of it. You
haven't received them yet? That's strange.
— Yes, it is. Listen, I can check with the courier's office, but in the meantime, could you send
please the expense reports again today, just to ensure that I have them by this afternoon? I'd
really appreciate it.
— Sure, no problem. Let's see, it's 8:45. I'll try to get them on the 9 o'clock courier run, but if I
miss that I'll have them ready for the 11 o'clock pickup. Sorry about the confusion.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Colleagues
2). What is the woman's problem?
(A) She is missing important information.
3). What does the man plan to do?
(B) Deliver reports via courier

This transcript refers to the audio file 022_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Oh no, the stock market's down again today! I bought Microfirm last month for $20 a
share. Today it's at $12.28. All my other stocks are down too, except for a couple. Maybe I
should find another place to put my money.
— Hey, Fred, I know it's rough. My portfolio's decreased too. But you have to remember that
the stock market is cyclical. There are always good times and bad times. The key is to be
patient. You don't need your money right away, do you?
— No, not immediately. But I will in about 10 years. I saw a bond mutual fund yesterday
that's paying 5.2 percent. And my bank is offering a three-year Certificate of Deposit at 4.5
percent.
— Bonds and CDs have their place in a financial portfolio. But for long-term investing, there's
nothing better than stocks. The stock market has averaged about a 10-percent annual return
over its history. It's tough to get that kind of consistent profit anywhere else.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) The stock market
2). How does the man feel about the stock market?
(D) Distressed
3). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(C) Be patient

Photocopiable

11

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 023_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— City utility department, Mary Chambers speaking. How may I help you?
— Yes, I'm new to the city and I'm trying to figure out how garbage and recycle collection
work. It's my understanding that garbage is collected on Wednesdays, and recyclables such
as paper, plastic and glass are collected on Thursdays. Is that correct?
— No sir, it's the other way around. Recyclables are Wednesday, and garbage is Thursday.
You need to put your garbage can next to the curb in front of your house by 7 a.m.
Thursdays. You should have two recycling containers, one for paper and cardboard, and one
for glass. Those need to be set in front of your house by 7 a.m. Wednesday. On both those
days, our pick-up trucks will be there sometime between 7 and 5.
— Oh I see. Thank you very much for your assistance. Just one more thing. I heard that the
city is going to start collecting yard waste soon. Can you please tell me about that?
Answer keys
1). What is the main topic of the conversation?
(D) Collection procedures
2). When is garbage collected?
(B) Thursdays
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(C) Explain about a new service

This transcript refers to the audio file 024_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Thank you Karl, that was a good summary from accounting. Next on the agenda is a
report from the research department. Laura, how are coming on the new web browser?
— Well, the project is a little behind schedule, because last month's storm delayed a
shipment of computer chips from Taiwan. But we're testing a prototype browser, and hope to
have it in beta stage within eight weeks, which will be an exciting step for the company. This
browser will host an internet platform, meaning all customers will need is our browser to
access the World Wide Web.
— That's exciting news, indeed, Laura! Do you have all the components you need now to
complete the testing before it goes to beta? Is there anything else we need to order?
— We should have everything we need, barring unforeseen circumstances. Hashkeem and
Martin are working on the prototype practically 24/7, and they'll let me know if anything
unexpected comes up.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation probably taking place?
(B) At a staff meeting
2). What position does the man hold?
(A) CEO
3). What does the woman say about the new browser?
(B) It will soon go to beta stage.

Photocopiable

12

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 025_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Samuel, have you heard the news about Nathan Richmond? He's going to go over to
the Herald. They're giving him his own column.
— Really? Well, good for him, but I'm sorry we're losing him. He's a great reporter, and I'll
miss his stupid jokes around the newsroom. How long has he been with us, about 50 years?
— (chuckles). Only about 10 I think, but it does seem longer. He's kind of an institution at this
paper. Word is that he asked the publisher, Mr. Frankel, for a column last year, but he was
turned down.
— What a shame. If anyone deserves his own column, it's Nathan Richmond. He's paid his
dues, covering city politics all these years. I wonder who'll cover that beat now. Have you
heard, Carla?
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(C) A co-worker.
2). What does Nathan Richmond plan to do?
(D) Accept a new job
3). Where do the speakers work?
(A) At a newspaper

This transcript refers to the audio file 026_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Mighty Maids. Theresa Blanding speaking.
— Yes Ms. Blanding, My name is Tony Dodd, I have a complaint about your service. I used
Mighty Maids yesterday, and the woman who cleaned my home — Nora, is her name — did
not do a very good job. I asked her to scrub the bathroom floors, but when she finished, they
looked no cleaner than before she started. I also asked her to clean the oven and do some
laundry. She did neither. I'm very disappointed, and I'd like my money back.
— I'm terribly sorry to hear that, Mr. Dodd. Believe me, this is not typical of Mighty Maids
service. Unfortunately, I cannot refund your money. However, what I can do is send a
different person out tomorrow, who will clean your house this time free of charge. We'd like
another chance to prove that yesterday was an aberration. Would that be OK?
— Yes, I suppose. But if the cleaner is not good tomorrow, I will not use your service again,
and I'll tell everyone I know to avoid Mighty Maids.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Worker-customer
2). What is the man's problem?
(B) He received poor service.
3). What does the woman offer?
(D) A complimentary cleaning

Photocopiable

13

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 027_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— This flat-screen TV looks like a pretty good deal. It's on sale for $399. What do you think?
— That's a good price, but we should compare before we buy. I saw an ad where Video Plus
promises to match any competitor's offer. And TVs might be cheaper there anyway. I think
we ought to look in at least two stores before we get anything.
— Yeah, we could, but when you figure in the cost of time and gas getting to another store, it
might end up being cheaper just to buy it here right now. What if we go to Video Plus and it's
not any cheaper, but they just match the price?
— Yeah, I see your point, but I'd feel better if we could compare anyway. If the TV is only
$300 at the other store, then it's worth the time and gas to go there. How about if I call Video
Plus and ask them?
— All right, that's a good idea. While you're doing that, I'm going to check out MP-4s.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(C) Where to buy a television
2). What does the woman want to do?
(A) Compare prices
3). Where is this conversation probably taking place?
(C) In an electronics store

This transcript refers to the audio file 028_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Ah, Shelly. Back from vacation are you? You look tanned and rested. It's good to see you,
actually. While you were gone we ran into a problem with the Martin account. You see, you
were away, and Gino was out sick for a week, so we missed our deadline to present the new
advertising campaign to Mr. Jeffries. We've rescheduled the presentation for Friday.
— Friday? That's a tight deadline. All right, let's get Gino and meet in the conference room in
half an hour. Bring all the design sketches that you've worked up, and have Gino bring all the
ad copy he's written. I'll grab the old power point slides and videos of Martin's current
commercials.
— Right. Look, I know it's not much time, but I think we'll be OK. I've been working hard on
the artwork, and I know that Gino was writing at home even though he was ill. We'll put our
noses to the grindstone the next couple of days and everything will pull together. Don't worry,
we're going to win this account!
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A company project
2). What problem do the speakers have?
(C) They missed a deadline.
3). What does the man say about the presentation?
(D) It will be successful.

Photocopiable

14

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 029_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— All our diamonds are the highest quality, sir. Our manager hand-picks them himself. Your
wife is sure to love them!
— They all look pretty, but I'm not sure which kind of ring she'll like. There are so many to
choose from!
— Might I suggest shopping by price range, then. If you tell me your budget, I can suggest a
smaller range of options, and I'm sure you'll find something to your liking. Also, we offer a full
money-back guarantee, so if your wife doesn't like it or wants to exchange, it's no problem.
— Oh OK, that sounds reasonable. Well, let's see. I was hoping to spend no more than $400,
though I might be willing to go a little higher if I find a ring that really looks good.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(A) Seller and buyer
2). What does the man want to do?
(C) Buy a gift for his wife
3). What does the woman suggest?
(B) Narrowing the selections
thu hep

This transcript refers to the audio file 030_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So in summary Michael, your review is mostly favorable. You met four of your seven
incentive goals, which means your bonus will total $3,000. You got high marks for
promptness and dedication, and need to improve your business etiquette and time
management. Do you have any questions?
— Yes, just a couple. What do you do with my performance review after I review it and sign
it? Will you use it next year in deciding on salary increases?
— Those are good questions. Your review will go into your file, which is part of your
permanent employment record. It will be considered in determining salary, but it's just one
factor among many. We'll also consider your overall performance since you joined the
company, and any improvement made following this evaluation. In general, you're doing very
nice work. Keep up the good work, and you shouldn't have any worries.
— Thank you, Ms. Donaldson. I appreciate your fairness, and I enjoy working for you.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman's position?
(B) Manager
2). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) The man's performance review
3). When does this conversation take place?
(C) At the end of the year

Photocopiable

15

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 031_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I need to book a round-trip, business-class ticket from San Francisco to Beijing,
leaving on the 18th and returning on the 29th.
— OK. One minute please. I can book you on Worldwide Airways, leaving at 9 a.m. the 18th,
with a two-hour layover in Seoul, and returning at 2 p.m. the 29th, with a one-hour layover in
Tokyo.
— I'd prefer a direct flight. Also, I'd like to depart in the morning both days, if at all possible.
— Let me see. I could book a direct flight at 7 a.m. the 29th on Asia Air, and the return flight
from Beijing would be late morning — 11 a.m. — on the 29th. Would that be all right?
Answer keys
1). What does the man want to do?
(B) Buy airline tickets
2). What is the woman's position?
(C) Travel agent
3). Where is the man going?
(B) To Beijing

This transcript refers to the audio file 032_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Here are the steps for reimbursing travel expenses. First, you need to fill out a travel
voucher, that's the blue form here. Take that to your manager, and get his or her signature
on the bottom line. Then, take a copy of that form — that's the yellow page underneath —
and turn it into accounting. Be sure to attach copies of all your receipts. You keep the third
page, the pink form, along with all your original receipts. Reimbursement checks are cut once
a month, and they are separate from your normal paycheck. They usually go out on the 15th.
— OK, blue form to manager, yellow to accounting. I think I've got it. What type of expenses
will the company reimburse?
— Typically taxi, subway and bus fares; admission fees; meals and drinks up to $30 a day;
and any necessary business supplies — either for use on your trip or after you return. Of
course, we'll also reimburse for unexpected costs, such as having to rent a hotel room if your
flight is cancelled or delayed, or expenses associated with a lost wallet or natural disaster.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Business colleagues
2). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(D) Company procedures
3). What does the woman say about reimbursement checks?
(C) They are issued once a month.

Photocopiable

16

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 033_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, Kathern Kitchum? This is Dennis Chaix from Castro's Catering. I'm sorry, but there's a
slight problem with your catering menu for the party Saturday night, and I wanted to ask you
how best to handle it. You wanted 20 pounds of fresh caviar, but our supplier is hampered by
a labor dispute, so they can deliver only 10 pounds of caviar. We could refund your money
for the other 10 pounds, or substitute something else.
— Oh dear. Hmmm... well, we have more than 200 guests, so it's probably best to substitute
at this point. What would you recommend?
— Well, you wanted five pounds of smoked sardines. How about 10 more pounds of those?
— No, let's do this. Five more pounds of sardines, and double the amount of avocado dip,
from three bowls to six. Hey, while you're on the phone, can we double-check the order?
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Company-client
2). What problem does the man have?
(C) Not enough caviar
3). What will the speakers probably talk about next?
(A) Confirming arrangements

This transcript refers to the audio file 034_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey James. How's your research going for the board of directors' report? Is there anything
I can help you with?
— Thank for offering, Liv. I've been summarizing customer satisfaction surveys for each
quarter of last year. It's pretty interesting. Actually, if it's not too much trouble, would you
proofreading my power-point slides? I'll have them finished in about an hour.
— Sure, no problem. E-mail them to me and I'll look them over. Did you discover anything
interesting in reading the surveys?
— Oh yes. They're quite interesting. Probably the most fascinating thing were the opinions
about the price of our product. In the first quarter, about 70 percent of the customers said it
was priced fairly, but by the last quarter, when the economy had worsened, more than 80
percent said it was priced too high.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation probably taking place?
(D) In an office
2). What does the man ask the woman to do?
(B) Check for errors
3). What does the man say about product price?
(B) Customers' opinions of it changed.

Photocopiable

17

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 035_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Wow, everything looks so good! I'm not sure what to order.
— Have anything you like. It's on the company. Personally, I recommend the lobster. It's
fresh from Maine — the best in town. But the steaks are also quite good. They use only
grass-fed Angus cows. And for dessert, you've got to try the New York Cheesecake!
— Well thank you. That all sounds delicious. I think I'll have the lobster and a bowl of clam
chowder. How about you?
— I'm going to try a T-bone steak and a Caesar salad. Now, what type of wine do you fancy?
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) What to eat for dinner
2). What does the woman suggest for the man?
(C) New York cheesecake
3). Who will pay for the meal?
(B) The woman's company

This transcript refers to the audio file 036_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Pardon me sir. I need to plug-in my laptop computer. Would you mind if I used the outlet
by your chair?
— Not at all, but I'm afraid it doesn't work. I tried it earlier.
— Oh, that's a problem. I guess we can't always count on the outlets. After all, this is a coffee
shop, not an office. But it seems all the other outlets are being used.
— Why don't you ask at the counter? Maybe they have an extension cord, so you could plug
into an outlet down the hall near the restrooms.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(B) Plug in her laptop computer
2). What problem do the speakers have?
(D) An electrical outlet does not work.
3). What will the woman do next?
(C) Talk with an employee

Photocopiable

18

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 037_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Sheila Sarkesian? This is Mark Fredricks with Watson and Williams. You
interviewed with us last week.
— Oh yes, Mr. Fredricks. How are you?
— I'm doing well. I'm phoning to tell you that you're a finalist for the position, and we'd like
you to come in for a second interview on Wednesday or Thursday.
— Wednesday works great. What time should I be there?
Answer keys
1). How did the speakers meet?
(C) At a job interview
2). Why is the man calling the woman?
(A) To schedule a meeting
3). When will the speakers next meet?
(B) On Wednesday

This transcript refers to the audio file 038_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Howard. How's your new building coming along?
— Pretty well. I'm waiting for the painters to finish so I can install carpets. They still have
three more apartments to paint. I'm hoping they'll finish soon, because I have the units
rented, but I can't let tenants move in until the carpets are down.
— Have you rented all eight of the apartments?
— No, not yet. I have six of them rented, and I'm advertising for the last two in the PostNews.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) The man's business
2). What does the man say about carpets?
(C) He will install them after painting.
3). How does the man say he will find more tenants?
(D) Through a newspaper advertisement

Photocopiable

19

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 039_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, is this Phyllis Wheatley? This is Simon from Dr. Morgan's office. I'm calling to remind
you that you have an appointment for a physical exam on Tuesday at 10 a.m.
— Oh, thank you for calling. I completely forgot, and now I can't make it. Sorry. Can I
reschedule?
— Sure. We have openings at 8 Wednesday morning or 4 Wednesday afternoon, then on
Thursday at 11 a.m., and Friday in the afternoon: either 1 or 3.
— Let's see. I'll be out of town Tuesday and Wednesday, then I have meetings all day
Thursday. OK, so put me down for Friday at 3. I promise I won't forget. Sorry again.
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(C) To schedule an appointment
2). What does the woman plan to do on Tuesday?
(B) Take a business trip
3). When will the woman see the doctor?
(D) At 3 p.m. Friday

This transcript refers to the audio file 040_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Paul, do you have a minute? I'm trying to book a venue for our annual conference, and I
need your input.
— Sure, Tanya. What are the choices?
— Well, we could use the convention center, which is very nice, but also quite expensive.
The exhibition hall has a lower price, and it's more convenient, but its facilities are not as
nice.
— Hmm. Why don't you call the convention center and see if they'll come down? If they do,
go with them, and if they don't, go with the exhibition hall.
— That's a good idea. Thank you, Paul. Well, I'd better get right on it. I have to decide by
Friday.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(A) Choose a building
2). What does the man suggest?
(B) Trying to get a discount
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(C) Phone the convention center

Photocopiable

20

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 041_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Thomas! I haven't seen you in awhile.
— Hey Debbie. Yes, it has been a long time. How's Gabe doing? I heard he got a promotion
at the Business News.
— Yes, he's going to be the special-sections editor. It's a great opportunity for him, and we
can really use the extra money.
— Tell him congratulations for me. We should get together for dinner sometime soon and
catch up.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(A) The woman's husband
2). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Friends
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) Having dinner

This transcript refers to the audio file 042_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Good morning. Welcome to Boston. Are you here for the management convention?
— Yes, I am. Where do I go to check in?
— The registration tables are on the left side of the room. After you register, go to the tables
on the right for a schedule of seminars and more information about convention activities.
There's free coffee and donuts in the foyer.
— Thank you. Before I start, I need to use the restroom.
Answer keys
1). Why is the woman in Boston?
(B) On business
2). What does the woman plan to do?
(C) Register
3). What will the man probably do next?
(D) Give directions

Photocopiable

21

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 043_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Where are you going?
— London. How about you?
— New York first, then Atlanta and Chicago. I've got meetings in each city the next three
days.
— Wow, that's a tight schedule. I'm going to hook up with friends and relax for a couple of
weeks. I don't want to even think about work for awhile.
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most probably taking place?
(C) In an airport
2). What is the purpose of the woman's trip?
(A) Business
3). What does the man plan to do?
(A) Take a vacation

This transcript refers to the audio file 044_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Wanda, something personal's come up, and I need to rearrange my schedule for
Wednesday. Could you please call Jim Haskell and move our Wednesday morning meeting
to 8 a.m. Thursday?
— Sure. Eight Thursday with Mr. Haskell. What about your Wednesday afternoon conference
call with Ms. Witherspoon and Mr. Dirks?
— Oh yes. See if you can push that forward to one o'clock Tuesday. If you can, reschedule
any current Tuesday afternoon meetings to next week.
— OK. One on Tuesday. I'll see what I can do, and I'll let you know in a few minutes.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman hold?
(D) Secretary
2). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(B) To revise a schedule
3). When does the man want to hold the conference call?
(B) One o'clock Tuesday

Photocopiable

22

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 045_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I'd like a double cheeseburger, small fries, and a chocolate milkshake please.
— I'm sorry, our milkshake machine is broken. How about a Coke instead?
— I think I'll have a medium root beer. Also, could you make the fries a large, please?
— No problem. So, that's a double cheeseburger, large fries and a medium root beer. Would
you like anything else today?
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation probably taking place?
(C) At a fast-food restaurant
2). What problem does the man have?
(A) A broken appliance
3). What does the woman say about her order?
(B) She asks to change the size of her fries.

This transcript refers to the audio file 046_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Emily. I saw the article on your firm in the Times. Nice picture of Mr. Kramer.
— Yes, it was a good shot. The writer was basically accurate, but unfortunately he got a
couple of things wrong. First, he said that Mr. Kramer is worth of $1.5 million dollars.
Actually, it's $1.5 billion.
— Yeah, I thought that figure sounded too low. What was the other mistake?
— Well, he reported that we were the seventh largest firm in our industry. Actually, we're the
second largest.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly talking about?
(D) A newspaper story
2). What does the woman say about Mr. Kramer?
(C) His net worth is $1.5 billion.
3). What does the woman say about her firm?
(A) It's the second largest.

Photocopiable

23

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 047_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Jordan, I can't get this new printer to work. Do you have a minute?
— Sure, Mandy. What's the matter?
— I pressed the print button on the computer, but nothing happens. I checked; and the
printer's plugged in. Can you check it out?
— Let me see. Oh, here's the problem. The driver for the printer hasn't been installed on your
computer. You need to use the CD-ROM that came with the printer to install the driver. After
you put the CD-ROM in, just follow the instructions on the screen.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the woman have?
(C) Her printer won't print.
2). What does the woman want the man to do?
(B) Examine the printer
3). What does the man tell the woman?
(B) To use software

This transcript refers to the audio file 048_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me, please. Do you have these Brooksbury trousers in size 38?
— I'm sorry, but we're out of size 38 in Brooksbury. We do have 38s in Foster trousers.
They're 100 percent cotton, very comfortable and stylish. Would you like to try on a pair of
those?
— Hmm, all right. How about these Brooksbury shirts? Do you have any larges in blue?
— I'm afraid not. We have Foster larges in blue. Why don't you try one of those to match your
pants?
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(A) In a clothing store
2). What position does the woman hold?
(C) Sales person
3). What does the woman suggest that the man do?
(A) Try a different brand

Photocopiable

24

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 049_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? This is Martha Hadley at 274 Bagley Boulevard. I'm having trouble with my cable
TV, and I need someone to come to my home and fix it. This is the third time I've called!
— Oh, I'm terribly sorry ma'm. What seems to be the trouble?
— There's a loose connection with the main cable wire into my home, so none of my cable
channels come in clearly. They're all fuzzy. I've already told you that! I called three days ago,
and you said you'd come out the next day. I waited all day, but nobody came!
— My apologies, Ms. Hadley. I can assure you we will have someone there tomorrow
morning at 8 a.m. sharp.
Answer keys
1). Why does the woman call the man?
(B) To complain
2). What problem does the woman have?
(D) Poor TV reception
3). What does the man plan to do?
(C) Send a worker to the woman's home.

This transcript refers to the audio file 050_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Ellie. We're going to Lucky Dragon for lunch. Want to come?
— I can't. I'm covering the phones for Scott. He had an 11:30 dental appointment.
— Oh that's too bad. Want us to bring you something back?
— Yes, thank you. I'll have the Kung Pao Chicken with Chow Mien. Could you hand me my
purse, please?
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(D) Colleague-colleague
2). Why can't the woman go to lunch?
(A) She is helping a co-worker
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(B) Give the man money

Photocopiable

25

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 051_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, I'm Darryl Johnson with Tri-Core Industries.
— Marcia Watson, Balfour Inc. Pleased to meet you. How are you enjoying the presentations
so far?
— Oh they're wonderful. The speakers are really well-prepared, and the visual aides are
great. I'm learning so much. What do you think?
— I agree, though I wish there were more sessions on niche marketing. That's my specialty.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation most likely taking place?
(C) At a conference
2). What does the man say about the presentations?
(B) They are informative.
3). What does the woman want?
(A) Additional sessions

This transcript refers to the audio file 052_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? I'm calling about the two-bedroom rental you have advertised on the Home Base
website. Is that still available?
— Yes it is. If you'd like to see it , we can make an appointment for this afternoon.
— OK, but before I see it, I'd like a little more information. The ad said it was $1,500 a month,
plus the first and last month rent in advance, plus a cleaning deposit. How much is the
cleaning deposit? Also, how many bathrooms does it have?
— It has two bathrooms, and the cleaning deposit is $500, half of which is non-refundable.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(B) Rent a home
2). What does the man say about the cleaning deposit?
(D) He will keep half of it.
3). What will the speakers probably do next?
(C) Make an appointment

Photocopiable

26

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 053_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me. Do you know if I can catch the 325 express at this stop?
— No, only the regular 325. You can catch the express on Fifth Street. Go up to the
intersection, turn right, then take the first left onto Fifth. The stop will be on your right.
— Thank you. Would you happen to know how often the 325 express runs?
— Every 20 minutes, I believe. It's 3:10 now, so if you hustle you can catch the next one.
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(A) At a bus stop
2). What does the man want to know?
(C) Where to board a bus
3). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(B) Hurry

This transcript refers to the audio file 054_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Our revenues are down 20 percent this quarter. Anyone have ideas how to bring them
up?
— I think we need to promote more heavily. Our new X-3PO is a great product. Once more
people know about it, sales will soar. This will create demand for our other products.
— So, are you saying we should spend more money on advertising?
— Not necessarily. But we should try different advertisements designed to get the X-3PO in
customers' hands. Like 2-for-1 deals, and free downloads on new X-3POs.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(D) How to make more money
2). When does the conversation take place?
(A) During a meeting
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) New promotions

Photocopiable

27

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 055_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Morning, Melissa. Where are you off to so early on a Saturday?
— There's a huge sale today at CostLess. Most items are at least 50 percent off. The store
doesn't open until 9, but I need to get in line.
— Well, you'd better bring a book or a laptop with you; it's going to be a long wait. Those
CostLess sales are always crazy. Good luck fighting the mob!
— Oh I don't mind. I have some knitting to keep me busy, and it's worth it to get half off a
new TV. Have a good day!
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Neighbors
2). What does the woman plan to do?
(B) Go shopping
3). What does the man say about the sale?
(D) There are too many people.

This transcript refers to the audio file 056_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I'll take two. Here you are.
— Do you have any smaller bills? I'm afraid I don't have change for a hundred.
— I'm sorry, I don't. And I don't have my checkbook with me either. Do you accept credit
cards?
— No, only cash and check. There's an ATM machine in the bank across the street.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(A) Salesman-buyer
2). What problem does the woman have?
(C) She does not have enough money.
3). What does the man suggest that the woman do?
(B) Get a smaller amount of money.

Photocopiable

28

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 057_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— You know who I ran into yesterday? Lenny Ramos!
— Lenny, our former programmer? What's he doing these days?
— He was out of work for three months after he got laid off here, but now he has a new job
with Banana Computers. He loves it, and he's making more money.
— Good for him! He's such a hard worker, I knew he'd land on his feet.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(B) An ex-colleague
2). What does the man say about Lenny?
(D) He really likes his new job.
3). What does the woman say about Lenny?
(A) He is diligent.

This transcript refers to the audio file 058_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Oh no! I can't get a signal with my cell phone. I've just about had it with this cell company!
— Hmm, I can get a signal here. Why don't you try my cell provider? I've been very happy
with them. I pay $60 a month, and they gave me a free phone.
— Only sixty dollars a month? My company charges $79, and I had to pay for my phone on
top of that. Plus, you get better reception.
— Come on, let's go to my cell phone store. I'll introduce you to my sales agent, and she'll
set you up.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(C) Mobile phone service
2). How does the woman feel about her cell phone company?
(B) Frustrated
3). What does the man suggest that the woman do?
(C) Change vendors

Photocopiable

29

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 059_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I just feel exhausted lately, like I can't get enough sleep. And I seem to have a constant
headache. How about you?
— I fell and hurt my wrist a couple of days ago. I thought it was just a sprain, but it still throbs
and it hurts when I use the keyboard, so I thought I'd better get it checked out.
— Yes, that's a good idea. You can't be too careful when it comes to your health.
— Ms. Westerman
— Oh that's me. Nice talking with you. Good luck.
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(A) In a waiting room
2). What problem does the man have?
(B) He is tired.
3). What problem does the woman have?
(A) She injured her wrist.

This transcript refers to the audio file 060_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Ellison residence, Linda speaking.
— Linda, this is Paul McCarthy from Technocratic. We've reviewed your resume, and
decided we'd like you to join our team. Congratulations! Could you start next week at 8 a.m.
Monday?
— Thank you! That's great! Yes, Monday at 8 would be fine.
— OK, super. Before you begin, we need you to fill out some additional paperwork. Is there a
day this week that you could come in for an hour or two?
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(D) Manager-applicant
2). Why does the man phone the woman?
(C) To offer her a job
3). What will the speakers probably do next?
(B) Set an appointment

Photocopiable

30

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 061_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Bill, do you have any change? I need some quarters for the vending machine.
— Another healthy lunch today, eh Paula? Let me see, I can change a dollar. Here you are.
— Thanks. I'm working on the Pratt Project. It's due this week, and I don't have time to get
out for lunch. Oh no, I need two more quarters.
— Why don't you ask Theresa? She'll be back soon.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(B) Co-workers
2). What problem does the woman have?
(A) She needs coins.
3). What does the man suggest?
(D) To wait for a colleague

This transcript refers to the audio file 062_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello Mary, this is Ted. My flight just landed. I thought you had arranged for someone to
meet me here and take me to the hotel.
— I did! Wasn't there someone there holding a sign with your name on it?
— No there wasn't. I've claimed my luggage, and now I'm not sure what to do.
— OK, hold tight and I'll get somebody there as soon as possible. Sorry for the
inconvenience.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman probably hold?
(A) Secretary
2). Where is the man?
(C) In an airport
3). What problem does the man have?
(B) He needs a ride.

Photocopiable

31

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 063_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I don't know. I think I like the JZ computer better. What do you think?
— Well, the JZ does have more memory, and it has a lot of extra features. But I think we get
more for our money with the Zell.
— Yeah, the Zell is a lot cheaper. JZ and Zell are both good brands, so I'm OK with either
one. It's your call.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(D) Which computer to purchase
2). What does the man say about Zell?
(C) It's a better value
3). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(B) Make the decision

This transcript refers to the audio file 064_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I had a problem with one of your agents yesterday. She was terribly rude to me.
— I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?
— First, she seemed to ignore me, even though I was standing right in front of her counter. I
stood there for five minutes before she spoke to me. Then, when I told her my toaster didn't
work and I wanted my money back, she said, "sorry, all sales are final" and walked away.
— Oh dear, that is a problem! Rest assured, that's not typical of our service. Now, if I could
please get a little more information, I'll resolve this promptly for you.
Answer keys
1). For what purpose is the woman talking to the man?
(C) To complain
2). What problem does the woman have?
(A) Poor customer service
3). What does the man promise?
(D) Resolution

Photocopiable

32

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 065_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Our plan has three basic options, each of which offers the same amount of coverage. You
can choose a deductible of $1,000, $2,000 or $3,000. The higher the deductible, the lower
your monthly payment.
— I see. And what are the monthly payments for each plan?
— For a woman your age and health condition, it's $100 a month for the $1,000 deductible,
then $200 and $300 for the others.
— The payments are reasonable, but I'm worried about the choice of physicians and the
types of prescription medications that are covered under your plan.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) Health insurance
2). How does the woman feel about monthly payments?
(C) They are agreeable.
3). What will the speakers probably discuss next?
(C) More details of the plan.

This transcript refers to the audio file 066_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Enormous Corporation. Mandy Giles speaking.
— Hello. My name is Martin Holt, and I'm calling regarding the newspaper advertisement for
a regional manager.
— Yes, Mr. Holt. You'll need to speak to Walter Jennings. He's handling interviews for that
position, but he's in a meeting this morning. I'll put you through to his voice mail.
— Thank you. By the way, do you know what time Mr. Jennings will be out of his meeting? I
want to make sure I'm available for his call.
Answer keys
1). Who does the man need to speak to?
(C) Walter Jennings
2). What is the purpose of the man's phone call?
(A) To apply for a job
3). What does the woman offer to do?
(D) Transfer the phone call

Photocopiable

33

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 067_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Stephen Schwartz? This is Terry at Dr. Driller's office, reminding you that you have
an appointment at 8:30 tomorrow for a teeth cleaning.
— Thanks for calling. Actually, I have a bad cold, and I don't think I'll be able to make it.
Could we reschedule for next week? Say, Monday or Thursday morning?
— Next week we have openings at 8 and 10:30 on Monday, and 9, 10, and 11:30 on
Thursday.
— Let's do 8 Monday — oh no, wait, I have a meeting that day. Let's make it 10 o'clock
Thursday.
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(A) To schedule an appointment
2). What is the man's problem?
(B) He is sick.
3). When will the man get his teeth cleaned?
(D) At 10 on Thursday.

This transcript refers to the audio file 068_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Is there anything interesting in the paper today?
— Well, Perry Fondue died yesterday.
— Really? That's too bad. I loved him in Too Noisy on the Eastern Front. He was great in
those kind of macho, tough-guy roles.
— Yeah, but he wasn't one dimensional. He could also play sensitive parts. Didn't he win an
Oscar for that love story, The Russian Patient?
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(C) An actor
2). What does the man say about Perry Fondue?
(B) He was masculine.
3). What does the woman say about Perry Fondue?
(A) He was versatile.

Photocopiable

34

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 069_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? Yes, I'd like an order to be delivered.
— Certainly. Our specials today are a large pepperoni and onions for $12, and a medium
Canadian Bacon and pineapple for $9.
— I think I'll have a large barbeque chicken and green peppers with extra cheese. And I'd
like a side order of salad with a medium Sprite.
— OK, that's one large chicken-green pepper pie extra cheese, with a salad and Sprite. And
where are we taking that to today?
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(D) Buy pizza
2). What does the man suggest?
(A) A daily special
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(D) Give her address.

This transcript refers to the audio file 070_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Did you get the memo on the new dress code? Wow. How ridiculous!
— Yeah, I couldn't believe it. No more casual Fridays. And no more sneakers or short-sleeve
shirts. We're going to be a lot more formal now.
— Yeah, I guess management decided we look too unprofessional when customers come
into the office. Which happens like what, twice a month?
— I know. And anyway, they shouldn't judge us by our looks, they should judge us by our
performance.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation most likely taking place?
(A) In an office
2). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A company policy
3). How do the speakers feel about the new regulation?
(C) They think it's unnecessary.

Photocopiable

35

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 071_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Here's your withdrawal receipt. How would you like your bills? Are 20s OK?
— Could I get three 20s, three 10s, a five and five ones?
— Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
— No thank you.
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(D) In a bank
2). What does the woman want?
(B) Different bills
3). What does the man offer?
(A) Additional assistance

This transcript refers to the audio file 072_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, I need to make a service appointment for my 2006 Toyashi Camelot. It doesn't shift
smoothly. When shift from second to drive, the engine stalls for a minute before it kicks in.
— OK, we'll need to take a look at that. I have openings Tuesday morning at 9, Wednesday
at 11, Thursday at 8 and 10, and Friday at noon and 2.
— Let me see...Wednesday and Friday won't work. Tuesday's good. Wait, Thursday's better.
Let's do the 8 o'clock.
— Right. Eight on Thursday. What's your name?
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the conversation?
(C) To set an appointment
2). What problem does the woman have?
(B) Her car isn't working properly.
3). When is the woman's appointment?
(D) Thursday at 8

Photocopiable

36

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 073_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Your total comes to $53.69. Do you have one of our "preferred shopper" cards?
— Oh yes, thank you. I almost forgot. Here you are.
— OK, with this your new total is $44.33. Will that be cash, check or credit?
— Visa.
— All right. Please swipe it through the slot there.
Answer keys
1). What position does the man hold?
(B) Cashier
2). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(A) In a store
3). How does the woman pay?
(C) With a credit card

This transcript refers to the audio file 074_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— In addition to two weeks' paid vacation, we allow for six annual sick days, and one
personal day off each year.
— Are the sick days "use them or lose them?"
— Yes. They do not carry over. You must use all six in one year. The same with the personal
day. Any more questions I can answer?
— Not right now, but I might after I look through some of this material.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Applicant-manager
2). What does the woman say about sick days?
(D) There are six per year.
3). What does the man plan to do?
(C) Learn more about the job

Photocopiable

37

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 075_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Martha, have you met Benjamin yet? He's our new summer intern from State University.
— No Scott, I haven't. I hope he's as good as the intern we had last summer. That young
man worked really hard.
— Benjamin seems sharp. And he's ambitious too. He said after he gets his business
degree, he wants to go to law school and become a criminal lawyer.
— Oh my. Maybe we'll see him on TV one day, defending a celebrity in a famous trial!
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(C) A college student
2). What does the man say about Benjamin?
(A) He's intelligent.
3). What does Benjamin plan to do?
(B) Attend graduate school.

This transcript refers to the audio file 076_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Tony, fancy seeing you here. You don't usually ride the bus.
— I know. My car's in the shop, so I thought I'd give this a try.
— Careful, you might become addicted. Riding the bus is great!
— Sure — if you like to wait forever and walk for miles.
— Actually, the bus comes every 20 minutes. And it stops only a half-block away from our
building. The best thing is the price: $15 a month with an annual pass. That's less than a tank
of gas.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) Commuting to work
2). Why does the man say he is taking the bus?
(D) Because his car is being repaired.
3). How does the man feel about riding the bus?
(D) Skeptical

Photocopiable

38

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 077_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Come in, Bethany. Have a seat. I need to talk with you about this quarter's figures. It
seems that sales have dropped again. They're down 15 percent from last year.
— I know, Mr. Fenner. I'm frustrated too. My team is working quite hard, but so far the results
have been disappointing.
— What do you think the problem is? Do we need to make changes to the sales team?
— I think it's the partly economy, and partly because we had some turnover at the start of the
year. I don't think we need to make changes at this time, but we might soon if things don't
improve.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman probably hold?
(B) Sales manager
2). What problem are the speakers mainly discussing?
(C) Declining sales
3). What does the woman suggest?
(B) Staying the course

This transcript refers to the audio file 078_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Could I see a dessert menu please?
— Here you are. I recommend the blackberry cobbler. It's made from scratch every day.
— Oh, that sounds luscious! But this chocolate mousse looks good too. This is a tough call.
— If you like, I could bring you a dessert platter and you could try a bite of each before you
choose.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(C) Waiter-customer
2). What does the woman want to do?
(A) Order dessert
3). What does the man suggest?
(B) Trying samples

Photocopiable

39

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 079_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Melanie, help! I've got a problem with the company basketball tickets for tonight's game.
— What's the matter?
— I booked our suite last month to take our Tokyo partners to tonight's game. But Mr.
Bradley called a few minutes ago, and he needs the suite for important clients on the
Pennington account. I've already invited the Tokyo guys to the game. What should I do?
— Let me call my friend at Boomington's. Their company suite is next to ours. Maybe I can
round up a couple of extra tickets.
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(C) To resolve a dilemma
2). What is the man's problem?
(D) There was a sudden change of plans.
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(A) Make a telephone call.

This transcript refers to the audio file 080_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— This is a very nice car. The suggested retail price is $14,825.
— Yes, it is nice. But that's a bit over my budget. We were hoping to spend about $12,000.
— Let me talk to my manager for a minute. I'll be right back. (Pause). I've got good news! My
manager says we can lower the price to $13,995. Could you stretch your budget a little for
such a great car?
— I don't know. If it were $13,000, I might be able to.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Salesperson-buyer
2). What does the man want to do?
(C) Negotiate a lower price
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(B) Talk to her manager

Photocopiable

40

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 081_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me. I'm looking for Ken Anderson's office. I have a 3 o'clock appointment.
— Sure. Go up the stairs and turn right. Take a left at the second hallway. Mr. Anderson's
office will be the third door on your right. It's between the conference room and the employee
lounge.
— Thank you. So up the stairs and turn left?
— No, right. Here, I'll show you.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want?
(B) Directions
2). Where is Mr. Anderson's office located?
(C) On the second floor
3). What does the man offer to do?
(C) Escort the woman

This transcript refers to the audio file 082_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi. I bought this clock radio here, but the alarm doesn't work. I need to get it fixed. Here's
the receipt.
— We can fix it for you. Hmm, looks like the timing button is stuck. That'll run about $15.
— Fifteen dollars?! But I thought you said you'd fix it for free.
— We do while it's under warranty. But this warranty was for 14 days. I'm afraid it's run out.
Answer keys
1). What does the man want the woman to do?
(A) Repair an appliance
2). What does the woman say about the clock-radio?
(B) A mechanism is jammed.
3). What problem does the man have?
(D) The warranty has expired.

Photocopiable

41

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 083_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— John, do you have two tens for a twenty?
— I have a ten and two fives. Will that work?
— Yes, thank you. I'm taking my car for an emissions inspection during lunch hour, and they
always want the exact amount.
— I know, that's annoying. I took my car for an emissions inspection last year, and all I had
was a twenty. I had to walk to a bank machine and come back!
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Colleagues
2). What does the woman want?
(A) Change for $20
3). What will the woman do at lunch hour?
(B) Service her car

This transcript refers to the audio file 084_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Lila, is that you under all those papers?
— Yes Brandon, it's me. I'm grading final exams for my world literature class. It's exhausting!
— Tell me about it. I was up 'til two last night marking finals for my American History
students.
— I'll be so glad when this semester's finally over! I'm going to do nothing but sleep during
the break.
Answer keys
1). Where do the speakers work?
(D) At a university
2). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(B) To commiserate
3). What does the woman plan to do?
(C) Rest

Photocopiable

42

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 085_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Mr. Santos? This is Brenda Carlisle.
— Yes, Brenda. Have you thought about our offer?
— Yes I have. And I accept. I'd love to work for Nano Tech Industries.
— Wonderful. We're glad to have you aboard. Now, before you begin, there are some
paperwork details to be taken care of.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(A) Manager-applicant
2). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(D) To confirm a job
3). What will the man probably talk about next?
(B) Routine procedures

This transcript refers to the audio file 086_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Now let's check on Tri-County weather. Sandy, is this rain ever going to stop?
— Yes Paul, it is. We expect it to slow to light drizzle by tomorrow morning, followed by a
partly cloudy afternoon. And Wednesday and Thursday are shaping up to be partly sunny.
— That's great! Will the sun stick around for the weekend?
— It probably will. As we look at the weather map, we can see this low-pressure front moving
our way is pushing out the clouds, bringing sunshine and warmer temperatures.
Answer keys
1). Where does the conversation take place?
(C) In a TV studio
2). What position does the woman hold?
(B) Forecaster
3). What does the woman say about the weekend?
(A) It will likely be sunny.

Photocopiable

43

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 087_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Next on the agenda is a financial report. Simon.
— Well, this was a good quarter for us. As you can see — if I can just get this slide to work,
ah there it is — our revenues exceeded expenditures by about $10,000. Much of that was
due to holiday sales. As this chart shows, this holiday season was about 10 percent better
than last year's.
— That's certainly good news. So how do we stand overall?
— Well, despite this quarter we're still in the red, but we've closed the gap considerably.
Here's what it looks like. We have $100,000 in credits against $120,000 in debits.
Answer keys
1). When does the conversation take place?
(A) During a meeting
2). What does the man say about the quarter?
(C) It was profitable.
3). What position does the woman hold?
(D) Manager

This transcript refers to the audio file 088_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— That was better than I expected. The service was a little slow, but the salad was huge,
and my chicken was excellent! What did you think?
— My steak was a little too rare, but the soup was very good. I agree the service was slow,
but they were busy tonight.
— Yeah, I'm just happy we could get Friday reservations on such short notice.
— Yes. And the evening's still young. So....?
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly talking about?
(B) A restaurant
2). How does the man feel about his dining experience?
(B) Pleasantly surprised
3). What will the speakers discuss next?
(C) Evening plans

Photocopiable

44

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 089_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi. I'm Patricia Pepper with Marmalade Inc.
— Hello. Sean Alexander, Lincoln Tech.
— Lincoln Tech? You've certainly come a long way. What do you think so far?
— It's been worth it. I'm learning so many new marketing strategies, and I'm meeting all kinds
of interesting people like you. So what do you do with Marmalade?
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(A) To introduce
2). Where does the conversation most likely take place?
(D) At a convention.
3). What does the man ask the woman?
(D) What position she holds

This transcript refers to the audio file 090_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Colleen! The copy machine is down again.
— What's the problem this time? Let's see. It has paper. It's not jammed. It has enough ink.
Oh, it needs new toner.
— Great. I have to make 20 copies of this report for a 1 p.m. presentation! Should I use the
one on the fourth floor?
— No, this won't take long to fix. Go to the supply room, and the toner is in the bottom lefthand cupboard.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the man have?
(C) The photocopier is broken.
2). What does the woman say about the copy machine?
(D) It lacks toner.
3). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(B) Go to the supply room

Photocopiable

45

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 091_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello Megan? This is Corey.
— Hi Corey. How are you?
— I'm fine, but Jack is sick. He's got a sore throat and a cough and he's staying home from
school. So he can't make his piano lesson today.
— I understand. Let's see if we can make it up later in the week.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman hold?
(D) Teacher
2). Who are the speakers talking about?
(B) The man's son
3). What does the woman suggest?
(D) Rescheduling a lesson

This transcript refers to the audio file 092_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? Yes, I'm trying to reach John McKay.
— I'm sorry. Mr. McKay no longer works here. Is there someone else who can help you?
— I don't know. Mr. McKay filed my tax return last year, and I need to ask him a couple of
questions about it.
— OK. Lloyd Simpson has taken over John's clients. I'll transfer you, but Mr. Simpson's direct
line is 4351, in case we get disconnected.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the woman have?
(C) She cannot reach John McKay.
2). What does the man suggest?
(A) Talking with another person.
3). What does the man offer to do?
(B) Transfer the call

Photocopiable

46

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 093_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, is Randy Johnson available?
— Mr. Johnson is in a meeting right now. Would you like to leave a message for him?
— Yes please. This is Charley Cowles from Gecko Insurance. Could you please have him
call me back as soon as he can? My number is 655-829-0657.
— Sure. And can I tell him what this is regarding?
Answer keys
1). Who does the man want to speak to?
(B) Randy Johnson
2). What does the woman offer to do?
(C) Take a message
3). What does the man ask Randy Johnson to do?
(D) Return his call

This transcript refers to the audio file 094_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So how are you doing with your apartments?
— Pretty well. I had to evict a tenant last week. She was six months behind on her rent. Now
I'm waiting for contractors to finish installing new windows and doors, so I can have them
painted.
— It sounds like things are going well. Are you enjoying it?
— Sometimes. It's not easy, because they take a lot of upkeep. But when things are going
well, they're quite profitable.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) The man's business
2). What position does the man hold?
(B) Landlord
3). What does the man say about his job?
(B) He has mixed feelings.

Photocopiable

47

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 095_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— To get from here to the stadium, you need to take two different lines, first the orange and
then the blue. You can transfer at Central Station.
— OK. I can catch the orange line at the Third Street Station just around the corner, can't I?
— Yes. Take that line five stops to Central Station. From there catch the blue line, going
west. Get off the blue line at the seventh stop; that'll be Straight Street. Exit the terminal by
the north stairs, turn right, and walk one block to the stadium. To come back, just reverse the
process.
Answer keys
1). Where does the woman want to go?
(C) To the stadium
2). How will the woman travel?
(A) By subway
3). What will the woman do at Central Station?
(D) Change routes

This transcript refers to the audio file 096_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Thanks for all your hard work. The yard looks fantastic, and it's nice to have the bushes
trimmed. I was wondering if you could do me a small favor?
— I'll try, ma'm.
— Could you please hold this check until Thursday. I don't get paid 'til then, and I don't want
it to bounce.
— Sure, no problem. I know how it is with a bounced check. We'll both have to pay fees. Tell
you what, I'll hold it until Saturday, just to be safe.
Answer keys
1). What position does the man hold?
(A) Laborer
2). What does the woman want the man to do?
(B) Delay a deposit
3). What does the man offer to do?
(C) Hold the check longer

Photocopiable

48

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 097_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Morning, Sally. Did you have a good weekend?
— Yes, I did. On Saturday we went hiking at Trout Lake, and yesterday we saw Titanium
Man.
— Oh I've seen that. Isn't it great? The action scenes were awesome! And I think Richard
Crowley Jr. should win the Oscar for best actor!
— Yeah, Crowley Jr. was superb. But I thought the movie was so-so. It was too long, and
wasn't as suspenseful as I thought.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A movie
2). When does the conversation take place?
(D) On Monday
3). What does the woman say about Titanium Man?
(A) It was average.

This transcript refers to the audio file 098_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Can you help me please? My flight to Boston's been delayed until 8 o'clock, but I need to
be there by 5. Do you have any other flights I can take?
— We have flights that leave at 2 and 3:30. But they're both full. I could book you on standby
for each of them. If someone doesn't show up, you can have their seat.
— What do you think my chances are of getting on? I have an important meeting that I really
can't miss.
— Well, there are two passengers ahead of you on the standby list. If you want to make sure
you get to Boston on time, I could refund your money and you could try another airline.
Answer keys
1). Where does this conversation most likely take place?
(C) At a ticket counter
2). What is the woman's problem?
(C) Her plane will depart late.
3). What does the man suggest?
(B) Trying a competitor

Photocopiable

49

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 099_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Jenna, new briefcase? It looks sharp. Matches your outfit.
— Thanks! I got it at a garage sale Saturday. It was only $3.
— Three dollars? Gee, you can't beat that. I bought a bike at a garage sale last year for $25.
I ride it all the time.
— That's awesome. If I had time, I'd do all my shopping at garage sales.
Answer keys
1). What is are the speakers mainly discussing?
(D) Garage sales
2). What does the man say about the woman's briefcase?
(A) It is stylish.
3). What does the woman say about the man's bike?
(B) It is a good bargain.

This transcript refers to the audio file 100_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Both our savings and checking accounts pay 5 percent interest on your first $500. On
amounts over that, checking pays point-five percent, and savings pays one percent.
— I see. And does either account require a minimum balance?
— For savings, no. The minimum for checking is $100. For amounts under that, we charge a
fee of $10 a month.
— OK. And what do I need to do to sign up?
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the conversation?
(A) To inform
2). Where is the conversation taking place?
(C) In a bank
3). What does the man plan to do?
(B) Open an account

Photocopiable

50

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 101_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Wow, James! That's quite a stack of books. It looks like you're studying for an exam.
— Oh I'm studying, but not for an exam. I've been doing some research at the company
library for a report on psychological investing. Did you know that some firms use psychology
research to develop products like personality tests and employee performance evaluations?
They believe it gives them an edge in hiring quality workers and ensuring top-notch
performance.
— Oh yeah, I've heard about that. It's called psychometrics. I minored in psychology before I
got into stock analysis.
— Really? Could you do me a favor, then? Would you please review my first draft? Mr.
Spencer wants this report tomorrow, and I'd appreciate it greatly if you'd provide some
feedback. If you could, I'll treat you to an early dinner at the Chinese restaurant around the
corner.
Answer keys
1). What project is the man working on?
(C) A research report
2). Where do the man and woman probably work?
(B) At an investment firm
3). Why is the man asking for the woman's assistance?
(C) She studied the topic in university.

This transcript refers to the audio file 102_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, I'm trying to reach Mitch Graham. Could you connect me to his extension, please?
— I'm sorry sir, but Mr. Graham is out of the office until Wednesday. Could I connect you to
someone else?
— I'm not sure. Mitch is in charge of our account. I'm with Precious Pet Shop, and I'm calling
to order three cases of dog food. We need them by the end of the week.
— Oh I see. In that case, I'll put you through to Ms. Crockett, our product department
manager. She should be able to take your order and get the dog food shipped right out to
you.
Answer keys
1). What does the man want to do?
(A) Order more inventory
2). What is the woman's position?
(A) Receptionist
3). What problem do the speakers have?
(B) An employee is unavailable.

Photocopiable

51

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 103_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Rebecca, I heard from Caitlin that you're in charge of replacing all our computers. This is
great; it's about time!
— It sure is! When the system crashed last Friday, it was the last straw. That's when Mr.
Thompson gave me the green light to order new computers. I'm aiming to get a new system
installed by the end of the month, but I still have some research to do because I want to
change vendors.
— It'd be a good idea to use a vendor that offers ongoing technical support. I know that
Ingram Computers has an excellent reputation for customer service, and they have a
comprehensive parts replacement warranty. During the warranty period, if something goes
wrong they'll replace your computer outright or else lend you a computer while they repair
yours.
— Yeah, I've heard really good things about Ingram too. We get their brochures in the mail
all the time.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman doing?
(B) Researching new computers
2). What does the woman need?
(D) Information on available computers
3). What does the man suggest the woman do?
(C) Find a company that offers good customer service

This transcript refers to the audio file 104_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Mr. Carlson, Johnny Chow called this morning. He wants to know if you're satisfied with
the terms outlined in the fax he sent yesterday. He also said he'll need you to sign the
memorandum by Wednesday.
— Oh, that's right. He wants to get a press release out before the weekend. Would you
please e-mail him today and let him know we have the fax?
— Sure. Should I tell him you'll sign the memo as well?
— No, not quite yet. I need to have the marketing team review it first. I'll give marketing a
deadline of Tuesday, so if everything looks good, tell Mr. Chow we can get the memo to him
by Thursday morning.
Answer keys
1). What did Johnny Chow do?
(C) Faxed a contract to Mr. Carlson
2). When will Mr. Carlson send the memorandum?
(D) On Thursday
3). What will the marketing team do?
(D) Review a contract

Photocopiable

52

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 105_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Maryanne, is that you? I haven't seen you since the company dinner last spring. Are you
still in the accounts department in the McClure Building?
— Preston, it's good to see you again! I've been away most of the summer, doing
professional development training. The company sent me to Ohio to learn about database
programming so that I can transform our current accounting procedures.
— Really? That sounds great. I'm hoping to take a sabbatical too next year too... in Florida.
Would you mind if I asked you some questions about your experience this summer?
— Not at all. Let's do lunch, and you can fill me in on everything that I missed while I was
away. It looks like the fifteenth floor has been renovated.
Answer keys
1). Where did the woman spend time during the summer?
(C) In Ohio
2). What department does the woman work in?
(A) Accounts
3). What will the speakers probably do next?
(A) Eat lunch together

This transcript refers to the audio file 106_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey, sorry I'm late. Traffic was bumper-to-bumper. Wow, the line is really long! Are all
these people here for the same movie we are? I hope we'll be able to get in.
— Why don't you stay in line, and I'll go check out that automatic ticket machine. It seems
like you can buy tickets using a bank card. And that line is moving quicker than this one.
— Okay. Well, if the movie's sold out, I suppose we could always walk down the street and
see a different film at the Varsity. That theater is never busy.
— Let's do this. If I reach the front of the line before you do, I'll call you over. And vice versa.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers trying to do?
(A) Buy movie tickets
2). Why is the woman concerned?
(A) The tickets might be sold out.
3). What will the man do next?
(C) Go to another line

Photocopiable

53

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 107_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Jenny, I didn't remember to call Julie until this morning. It completely slipped my mind.
Anyway, I just got ahold of her, and she can't sell tickets at the dance tomorrow night.
— I was afraid that might be the case. Do we have any backups?
— Yeah, fortunately Nancy from the cafeteria is on standby. The only thing is, she hasn't
done this before, so we'll need to train her before tomorrow evening.
— Well that's fine, but you'll have to take care of it yourself, Dave. I'll be downtown this
afternoon helping the musicians get organized. And tomorrow morning I'll be at Driscoll Hall
supervising the caterers.
Answer keys
1). What problem do the speakers have?
(C) They need some help at a dance.
2). Who will collect tickets at the dance?
(B) Nancy
3). Where will the dance likely take place?
(C) At Driscoll Hall

This transcript refers to the audio file 108_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Adam, I've just heard back from Gloria, Jason and Tom. They can all meet you on
Thursday at 4 p.m. but Wilma can't make it that day.
— Well, we can't hold the meeting without Wilma. She's the chief funder for this training
project. How about next Monday at 1 p.m. or Wednesday morning at 9? Do either of those
work?
— Well, most of them can make those times, but Gloria trains new apprentices each morning
until 12:30.
— All right. Let's set it for noon next Tuesday. Jason and Tom can use the first half hour to
explain our organization's history, goals and past accomplishments to Wilma. When Gloria
joins us, we can go over the objectives for this new project.
Answer keys
1). What does Gloria do in the mornings?
(A) Trains people
2). How do the speakers resolve the problem?
(A) By rescheduling the meeting
3). When will the meeting take place?
(A) Tuesday at 12 p.m.

Photocopiable

54

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 109_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Jim, we've got a problem with this weekend's computer fair. I just got off the phone with
the event coordinator, and she said there are going to be an extra twenty exhibitors. We're
going to need twenty extra booths.
— Well, usually this wouldn't be a problem, because we have 150 booths at the exhibition
hall, and the computer fair booked 125 booths. But fifteen of them don't have electricity right
now.
— I see. Well, we still have three days 'til the weekend. Do you think you could rig up some
tables with stand-alone displays behind them? That way we could set them up near the
outlets.
— I don't know. Tables and folding dividers are easier to get at this stage than booths. But I'll
see what I can do.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman trying to do?
(A) Accommodate more exhibits
2). Why can't they use the remaining booths?
(B) The booths require electricity.
3). How many more booths are needed?
(B) 20

This transcript refers to the audio file 110_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Greg, it's finally happened. Pedro's wife Ida just completed her doctorate, and she's been
offered a teaching position out west. She's going to start teaching in winter term.
— Well, I'm sorry to hear that Pedro will be leaving us. He's one of the best network
administrators we've ever had.
— Yes, I enjoyed working with him. He's given standard two weeks' notice, but he has
offered to stay on longer while we look for a replacement.
— Okay, that's good to know. Let's advertise right away. If Pedro is willing to stay until Ida
starts her new job, then he could spend the next two months training the new person. That
way when Pedro goes, all his expertise with our system won't be lost.
Answer keys
1). What will Pedro and his wife do?
(A) Move out west
2). When will Pedro probably leave his job?
(C) In two months
3). What will Pedro probably do before he leaves?
(D) Train his replacement

Photocopiable

55

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 111_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Damon, how are you coming with the expense reports?
— I'm afraid I'm a little bit behind. I'm having trouble with the Excel spreadsheets.
— Would you like Sasha to give you a hand?
— Yes, that would be great. Thank you.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Supervisor-employee.
2). What problem does the man have?
(B) He is late with a project.
3). What does the woman offer to do?
(C) Have a colleague help the man.

This transcript refers to the audio file 112_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— United Mutual Bank. Marco speaking.
— Hi, I'm calling to ask about a check I deposited last week for $150. I looked online, and it
does not show up in my account.
— OK, I'll have to check on that. Can I have your name and account number, please?
— It's Wendy Wilson. My account number is 161-453-2729.
Answer keys
1). Why does the woman call the man?
(B) To make an inquiry.
2). What problem does the woman have?
(D) A deposit hasn't registered.
3). What will the man probably do next?
(A) Check the woman's bank account.

Photocopiable

56

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 113_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I heard that Larry's going to be leaving the company next month.
— Really? Why? Where is he going?
— His wife got a job in Colorado. The whole family will be moving.
— Well, I'll miss him, but it sounds like a step up for him. We'll have to have a going-away
party!
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(C) A colleague.
2). What does the man say about Larry?
(C) He will move to Colorado.
3). What does the woman plan to do?
(B) Throw a party.

This transcript refers to the audio file 114_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? Could I speak to Mr. Redfern please?
— Mr. Redfern is away from the office. Could I help you with anything?
— Maybe. My name is Lisa Lang with OfficePro. You see, we ordered two crates of copy
paper and a crate of printer ink last week, and I wanted to add another crate of paper and
two more cases of ink.
— OK, let me transfer you to Peggy Burnstead, Mr. Redfern's associate. She'll be able to
help you.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(C) Change an order.
2). What position does Mr. Redfern hold?
(B) Salesman.
3). Who does the woman need to speak to?
(A) Peggy Burnstead.

Photocopiable

57

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 115_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Company headquarters are downtown, near the train station. Do you know how to get
there?
— I think so. I take the freeway to the train station exit. Then I turn right onto Fourth Avenue,
then left onto Bay Street. Is that right?
— Yes. After turning left onto Bay Street, go two blocks, and you'll see our building on the
right-hand side, between the dentist office and the hair salon.
Answer keys
1). Where is the woman going?
(D) To an office building.
2). What should the woman do at Bay Street?
(B) Turn left.
3). What does the man say about the headquarters building?
(B) It's between the hair salon and dentist office.

This transcript refers to the audio file 116_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me, how much does a case of these printer cartridges cost?
— A case would be $150.
— I see. And are there bulk discounts available?
— Yes there are. If you buy three cases, they're $125 each. For five or more, they're $100
apiece.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation taking place?
(A) In a store.
2). What does the woman ask the man?
(B) For price information.
3). What does the man say about bulk discounts?
(C) They are available for three or more cases.

Photocopiable

58

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 117_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, I think we've covered just about everything. What questions do you have?
— About the health benefits? do those cover my husband and children too? Also, do they
include dental and vision?
— Yes, our health plan covers all employee spouses and immediate family members. Dental
and vision are included in the basic plan, but vision is limited to employees only. Vision for
family members costs a little extra.
— OK, thanks. Now, I'd like to know a little more about?.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(D) Employer-applicant.
2). What does the woman want to know about health benefits?
(C) If they apply to her family.
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(B) Ask another question.

This transcript refers to the audio file 118_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey, Travis, I like your big-screen TV. Where did you get it?
— I bought it at TV town. It cost $599.
— Really? That's a good price, but Video Vault has the same brand on sale right now for
$499.
— Really?! Shoot, I could have saved $100. That's too bad. I should have shopped more
carefully.
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(A) To compare prices.
2). What does the woman say about the man's TV?
(C) He could have bought it cheaper.
3). How does the man feel about buying the TV?
(A) Regretful.

Photocopiable

59

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 119_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I'd like to make a reservation for three nights and four days, please, from the 21st
through the 24th.
— All right. Single or double occupancy? And would you like a regular room or a suite?
— A regular double please. And would it be possible to get one with an ocean view?
— I'm afraid all our regular double view rooms are booked for those dates. We do have one
double view suite available. Those cost $50 a night more than regular rooms.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman hold?
(B) Hotel clerk.
2). What does the man want?
(D) A double view.
3). What will the man probably do next?
(C) Ask the price of a double view suite.

This transcript refers to the audio file 120_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Your total is $52.79. Will that be cash, check, credit, or debit?
— If I use a debit card, can I get cash back? I need change for the bus.
— Yes you can, up to $50.
— Debit, then, and I'd like to get $30 cash please. Oh, and could you please give me $2
worth of quarters?
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation taking place?
(A) In a store.
2). What problem does the man have?
(C) He doesn't have bus fare.
3). What does the man want to do?
(B) Receive cash.

Photocopiable

60

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 121_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Dominick, do you know why Mr. Van Haas hasn't arrived yet? He was supposed to be
here an hour ago.
— His plane was delayed in Toronto. I guess they're having thunderstorms.
— Oh. Well, that's OK. Now we have extra time to hone our sales pitch.
— There you go! I'll call the airport and see if his flight's left Toronto.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(D) A client.
2). What problem does Mr. Van Haas have?
(B) He is experiencing a flight delay.
3). What does the man offer to do?
(A) Check on a flight status.

This transcript refers to the audio file 122_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— King Card customer service. How can I help you today?
— Yes, my purse has been stolen. I need to cancel my credit card and get a new one.
— I'm sorry to hear that. Hold on a second... OK, now, what is the name on the credit card?
And what is the account number?
— It's Diana Shidler, S-H-I-D-L-E-R.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the woman have?
(B) She is a victim of theft.
2). What does the woman want to do?
(C) Replace her credit card
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(A) Give the man her account number

Photocopiable

61

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 123_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Your EKG looked good, but I'd like to run some additional tests to find out what's causing
your pain.
— OK. What kind of tests?
— The first test I'd like to do is called an MRI. You lie inside a kind of giant tube, while we
use lasers to examine your entire body. It'll take about an hour.
— All right, but are you sure I need it? It sounds kind of scary.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Doctor-patient
2). What does the man want to do?
(D) Run more tests on the woman
3). How does the woman feel about taking an MRI?
(B) Apprehensive

This transcript refers to the audio file 124_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— That's seven fifty-two, out of 10. Here's your change. Thanks, and have a nice day!
— Excuse me, I'm looking for the art museum. Do you know how to get there?
— Let's see, the art museum is on 7th Avenue. The best way to get there is to go out our
parking lot and turn right. Follow that street two blocks, and get into the left-hand turn lane. At
the light for Mason Street, take a sharp left and go up five blocks to Seventh. Turn left. The
museum will be on your right-hand side.
— Thank you. Do you know if there's parking available at the museum?
— Yes, there's a parking garage right next door.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation taking place?
(A) In a store
2). What does the woman plan to do?
(C) Visit the art museum
3). What does the man say about parking?
(B) There is a parking garage

Photocopiable

62

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 125_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— What did you think? Was it as good as advertised?
— Yeah, I thought so. Dan Brown was fantastic; he's such a superb actor! And I thought the
cinematography was breath-taking! How about you?
— It was beautifully filmed, all right, and Brown is the best at what he does. But overall I was
rather disappointed. The plot was kind of thin. Overall, I don't think the film lived up to its
hype.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers talking about?
(B) A movie
2). What does the woman say about Tory Brown?
(D) He's talented
3). How does the man feel the performance?
(A) Let down

This transcript refers to the audio file 126_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, UPS? I'm calling to check on a package I sent on the 7th. It still hasn't arrived, and
today's the 13th. Can you tell me what happened to it?
— I'll certainly try ma'm. Do you have the tracking number handy?
— Let's see... it's T-714-2009-05-07.
— OK, I can see that it did go out on the 7th. Hold on, please. I've got to check another
computer and see where it's at.
Answer keys
1). Why does the woman call the man?
(C) To ask about a late package
2). What does the man say about the package?
(B) It was shipped on time.
3). What does the man plan to do?
(D) Determine the status of the package

Photocopiable

63

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 127_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, you seemed to have a good position. Why did you leave?
— It was a good position, yes. But the truth is, I was getting a bit bored with it. I wanted a
new challenge, a different opportunity. I wasn't going to get it there, and I didn't want to wait
any longer.
— So, do you see this job as one that will fulfill those wishes?
— Yes, I really do. It's an exciting position in an innovate, well-respected firm. It's just what
I'm looking for!
Answer keys
1). When does the conversation take place?
(A) During a job interview
2). How does the woman feel about her previous job?
(B) It was boring.
3). What does the woman say about the man's firm?
(C) It is very well thought of.

This transcript refers to the audio file 128_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— That's a fair price. The problem is, my hours were just cut back at my job, and I really can't
afford it right now, even though it's a good deal. I guess I'll look for something cheaper.
— You could, but you like this vehicle, right? Tell you what. If I could get the price down
another $500, would that be affordable for you?
— $500? Well, that would certainly help. If you could get it down another $1,000, I'd definitely
buy it.
— OK, I need to talk with my manager. Please wait here a few moments. Would you like any
coffee or tea?
Answer keys
1). What is the main purpose of the discussion?
(A) To negotiate
2). What problem does the woman have?
(D) Her work hours have been decreased.
3). What does the man offer to do?
(A) Check with his supervisor

Photocopiable

64

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 129_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, should we spend three days in Brisbane and four in Cairns?
— Hmm... I'm not sure. There's so much to do in both those cities. Is it possible to stay a little
longer in each one?
— I suppose we could. That would cut into our time for Sydney though. We do need to be
back by the 21st.
— I know. Why don't we sacrifice some time in Sydney? Brisbane and Cairns are both so
beautiful!
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers planning to do?
(B) Take a trip
2). When do they have to return?
(C) By the 21st
3). What does the woman suggest?
(B) Shortening their stay in Sydney

This transcript refers to the audio file 130_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— That will be $162.91. Do you have a club card?
— Yes, the number is 4254680624.
— OK, got it. Now if you'd just slide your credit card through the machine.
— There you are.
— Thank you, Mr. Watson. You saved 25 dollars and 33 cents today. Do you need any help
carrying the bags out to your car?
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman hold?
(A) Cashier
2). What is the purpose of the man's club card?
(C) To get a discount
3). What will the man probably say next?
(D) "No thanks. I've got it."

Photocopiable

65

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 131_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Have you heard from Mary lately? What's she up to these days?
— I got an e-mail from her last week. After she left our firm, she switched careers. Now she's
a teacher.
— Really? Good for her. I bet she'll be great at it!
— Yeah, she always was good with kids.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(C) A former colleague
2). What is Mary's new profession?
(B) Teacher
3). What does the man say about Mary?
(A) She will succeed in her new career.

This transcript refers to the audio file 132_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Cosmo Company. How may I direct your call?
— I'd like to speak to Mr. Dimmit, please.
— I'm afraid Mr. Dimmit is away from his desk. Would you like his voice mail?
— Um, no thank you. Maybe there's someone else who can help me.
Answer keys
1). What position does the woman hold?
(B) Receptionist
2). Why can't the man speak to Mr. Dimmit?
(D) Mr. Dimmit is temporarily busy.
3). How does the woman suggest helping the man?
(A) By offering to let him leave a message

Photocopiable

66

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 133_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me. Is this the registration table for the Future Automobile Convention?
— Yes sir. What's your name please? I'll find your information package and a name tag.
— My name's Paul Hernandez. Also, would you happen to know when the discussion on
plug-in electric cars will take place?
— Let's see. That's scheduled for 3 p.m. in Building A. Room 322.
Answer keys
1). Where most likely are the speakers?
(C) In a convention center
2). What will Mr. Hernandez receive?
(A) An information packet
3). What does Mr. Hernandez ask about?
(D) The time of an event

This transcript refers to the audio file 134_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi. I need the number for the Bank of Asia located in Newfoundland.
— Do you know the address? My computer lists 4 branches there.
— I'm not sure exactly, but I believe it's on Rose Street. And, could you also connect me
please?
— Certainly. That number is 209-555-7825. Hold a moment please while I put you through.
Thanks for using directory assistance, and have a great day.
Answer keys
1). Who is the woman talking to?
(A) A telephone operator
2). What is the woman not sure of?
(B) A bank's exact address
3). What will the man probably do next?
(C) Connect a call

Photocopiable

67

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 135_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Tina. Good to see you! I brought a fruit salad.
— Thanks, Jim. That was very thoughtful. Did you make it yourself?
— Yeah, but it's nothing fancy. I didn't have time. I just cut up some melon, banana, and
grapes and threw them together into a bowl.
— No need to apologize. I'm sure the guests will love it. It will be a great side dish for the
steak I'm grilling. Why don't you put it on the table next to the salads and chips.
Answer keys
1). What did Jim bring?
(D) A salad
2). What does Tina tell Jack?
(B) She appreciated his kindness.
3). What is Tina doing?
(A) Grilling steak

This transcript refers to the audio file 136_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Do you know where Tanya is? I've been phoning her and sending e-mails for the past
hour. She's not at her desk.
— She had to go to the downtown office to clear up a problem. Apparently, they sent us the
wrong invoices.
— Well, I have some good news. We have a new advertising client, and I want Tanya to be
in charge of their account.
— That's great news! You should call her on her cell phone. I'm sure she'd rather hear the
news from you than read it in an e-mail.
Answer keys
1). Where is Tanya now?
(C) At a branch office
2). What problem is Tanya handling?
(B) A paperwork mix-up
3). How does the man suggest contacting Tanya?
(D) By calling her cell phone

Photocopiable

68

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 137_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I got a bill from the gas company in the mail today. Heating your home with natural gas is
so expensive!
— Yes, my bill is expensive too. I guess that's because the weather's turning colder, so I've
been turning up the thermostat lately.
— So have I. But I still don't think my bill should be this high. Maybe I should call the
gas company and ask if the rates have gone up.
— Yeah, that's a good idea. I've called them before, and they have good customer phone
service. Let me know what you find out.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A gas bill
2). Why might the man make a call?
(A) To inquire about a price increase
3). What does the woman want the man to do?
(C) Tell her what he discovers

This transcript refers to the audio file 138_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Bob, did you contact technical support about my computer? I'm working on an important
presentation, and all my work is on that computer.
— Yes, I called them. They told me they'd send someone over tomorrow afternoon.
— Tomorrow afternoon? That will be too late. I'm meeting with my clients at 4 tomorrow to
discuss ways to promote their company. Could you please call tech support again, and ask
them if they can come any sooner?
— Sure, I'll call them right away. I'll talk to a supervisor to make sure they get a technician
over here today.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman's problem?
(B) Her computer is not working.
2). What will the woman do at 4 o'clock tomorrow?
(D) Meet a client
3). What does Bob plan to do next?
(C) Make a telephone call

Photocopiable

69

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 139_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Jenna! Have you booked your flight to the conference in Vienna yet?
— No I haven't. I'm trying to decide whether to take an eight o'clock flight on Tuesday
evening or a 10 o'clock flight on Wednesday morning.
— I'm on the Tuesday evening flight. I want to rest a little before the conference begins on
Friday morning.
— Oh, I like that idea. I'll book the same flight.
— You'd better make your reservation soon. When I made mine this morning, they told me it
was nearly sold out.
Answer keys
1). Why are the speakers going to Vienna?
(C) To attend a conference
2). When does the man's flight leave?
(A) On Tuesday evening
3). What does the man suggest?
(B) Making a reservation soon

This transcript refers to the audio file 140_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, Antonio? Are you coming to our staff meeting this morning? It's at 9 o'clock.
— Oh! I thought the meeting had been cancelled because so many team members are on
vacation this week.
— Well, I decided to hold the meeting anyway, since I'm going to be away myself for the next
three weeks.
— I see. Well, I'm expecting a phone call from a client at 9 o'clock, so I'll be there at about
9:20.
Answer keys
1). What time does the meeting start?
(A) At 9 o'clock
2). What does the man say about the other employees?
(B) Most of them are on vacation.
3). Why will the man come late to the meeting?
(D) He needs to wait for a phone call.

Photocopiable

70

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 141_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Did you hear that Willie is going to be transferred to Singapore?
— Really? But he was doing such a good job here, ever since he returned from China. Our
overseas accounts have nearly doubled.
— That's probably why the head office has asked him to replace Brent as director of Asia
operations. He has the most foreign experience.
— Well, good for Willie. He's going to be busy, with our Thailand branch opening next year.
Answer keys
1). Why is Willie being transferred to Singapore?
(D) To take over as Asia director
2). How is Willie qualified for his new position?
(C) He has previous experience in Asia.
3). According to the man, why will Willie be busy?
(D) A new office is opening.

This transcript refers to the audio file 142_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Paul, could you cover my shift for me on Friday? I'm flying to Las Vegas for the weekend,
and I could really use the extra day off.
— Sorry, but I'm scheduled to work that day. Have you asked Lacy? She's always looking to
get more hours.
— Yeah, I did. But she has a dentist appointment on the same day.
— Why don't you take the next Monday off instead? I can work that shift for you, and you can
still get a three-day weekend.
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(D) Change her work schedule
2). What does the man say about Lacy?
(A) She wants to work more often.
3). What day will the woman probably take off?
(A) Monday

Photocopiable

71

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 143_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? Yes, I'd like to book a table for four on Thursday night.
— I'm sorry sir, but we have a private party reserved for that evening. Can I recommend that
you consider another day? We're open from four to 11 in the evening.
— In that case, let's make it Friday evening at 6:30.
— All right, sir. And whose name shall I book the table under?
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers discussing?
(B) A dinner reservation
2). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(D) Come to the restaurant on another day
3). What information does the woman ask for?
(B) The man's name

This transcript refers to the audio file 144_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I thought the storage room was supposed to be ready today. It's getting hard to work in
the office with all of these boxes.
— Actually, it was finished yesterday, but the painters said it will take two days to dry.
— Well, that's going to present a problem. There's another shipment of supplies arriving this
afternoon.
— Let's move some of the boxes into the conference room. It's not being used until next
Thursday.
Answer keys
1). What problem do the speakers have?
(C) Their office is disorganized.
2). When will the storage room be ready to use?
(B) Tomorrow
3). What does the woman suggest they do?
(A) Store some boxes in the conference room

Photocopiable

72

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 145_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, I need to send this package to Japan as soon as possible. It's very important.
— All right. We can send it by express mail. That will give you a tracking number to follow.
— Also, there's some electronic equipment inside that is quite fragile.
— Would you like to insure the contents? It's only a few dollars more.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation likely taking place?
(C) At a post office
2). What does the woman say about the item she is sending?
(B) It is breakable.
3). What will the woman probably do?
(A) Pay for insurance

This transcript refers to the audio file 146_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Arthur, did we receive the signed contract from the talent agency yet?
— No, apparently Keith wants to make a few last-minute changes based on his client's
wishes.
— Well, that's news to me. I was expecting to have received the fax from him by this
morning.
— I know. I've been trying to reach him by phone but he's not picking up. Shall I try to contact
the office manager?
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers discussing?
(A) A business contract
2). Who is Keith?
(C) An agent
3). What does the man offer to do?
(C) Call the manager

Photocopiable

73

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 147_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Beth. Have you decided what seminars to take at the training sessions next week?
— I've still got a lot of work to catch up on. Honestly, I don't see how I'll be able to squeeze it
in.
— You do know it's mandatory for all staff members, right? Why don't you sign up for an
evening or weekend session if that works better for you.
— I guess I'll have to. I have a lot of meetings with clients on weekdays.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Coworkers
2). What is true about the training sessions?
(B) All employees must attend.
3). What is the man concerned about?
(B) He is busy on weekdays.

This transcript refers to the audio file 148_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Milo? I'm having problems finding the conference center. I passed the Star Hotel
but couldn't find Denman Street.
— Okay. Denman Street is closed for construction, so you'll need to double back and take
Trinity Way instead. Slow down when you see the gas station and take a right there.
— But I can't see Trinity Way on the GPS. Are you sure this is right?
— Yes, it's a new street so it might not show up yet.
Answer keys
1). Where is the woman going?
(D) To the conference center
2). How most likely is the woman traveling?
(D) By car
3). What does the man say about Trinity Way?
(B) It is a new road.

Photocopiable

74

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 149_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, how are the results from the focus group looking, Sean?
— So far, pretty good. Most participants said they are willing to pay more for a soft drink that
is supplemented with vitamins.
— And how about the taste-test results?
— We're waiting to receive the results from the west coast office before we formulate that
data.
Answer keys
1). What kind of product is being discussed?
(D) Beverages
2). What information was gathered from the public?
(A) Opinions about product pricing
3). What does the man say about the test results?
(D) They are incomplete.

This transcript refers to the audio file 150_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, I transferred money between my accounts online, but it doesn't appear that it's gone
through.
— When did you make the transaction?
— Last week, on Friday evening. I have the confirmation number if you need it.
— That's okay. The money should be in your account by this afternoon. Since the banks
don't operate on weekends, these don't get processed until the following Monday.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely is the man?
(B) A customer service agent
2). What information does the woman offer to give the man?
(D) A verification code
3). Why will the woman's funds arrive late?
(D) The bank was closed.

Photocopiable

75

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 151_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Barbara, did the wire transfer from Seoul come through yet?
— Let's see. Yes, it came through yesterday. After paying the bank's wire fee, it totaled
$1,750.
— What? The original wire was for $2,000. That bank fee is too high!
— I agree, it is. I'll shop around today and see if I can find a bank that charges a lower one.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) An electronic payment
2). Why is the man upset?
(C) He received less money than expected.
3). What does the woman offer to do?
(A) Try and find a different bank

This transcript refers to the audio file 152_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? I'd like to cancel my subscription to the paper, please.
— I'm sorry to hear that. May I ask why you are cancelling?
— It's the economy mostly. I enjoy reading it, but times are tight, and we can't afford it
anymore.
— I understand. How about if I gave you a 20-percent discount?
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to do?
(D) Stop newspaper delivery
2). What type of problem does the woman have?
(A) Financial
3). What does the man offer to do?
(B) Lower the price

Photocopiable

76

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 153_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Have you had a chance to read through the contract yet?
— Yes I have. It looks good, but I didn't completely understand the non-disclosure clause.
— Oh, that means once you come to work for us, if you leave our company for any reason,
you cannot tell anyone technical information about our products.
— Yes, that makes sense. You do have to protect your trade secrets. Well then, everything
looks like it's in order.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(C) Employer-candidate
2). What does the woman ask the man?
(D) To clarify a contract section
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(C) Sign the contract

This transcript refers to the audio file 154_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Skyler. I haven't seen you in awhile. How's your business doing?
— Hey Mandy. It's doing well, but it's tougher than I thought being self-employed. I have to
record all my expenses, and do my own sales and marketing. How are things going at the
office? I heard Richard got promoted to marketing director.
— Yeah, and he's doing a great job. Otherwise things are pretty much the same. We miss
you; you should come by for lunch sometime.
— That's a good idea! I'm pretty busy, but I'll try to drop in sometime next week.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers?
(A) Former colleagues
2). What does the man do for a living?
(D) Self-employed
3). What does the woman suggest?
(C) Having lunch

Photocopiable

77

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 155_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Selma. I'm on 40th Street, but I can't find the post office. I went past State Street; didn't
you say it would be on the left-hand side?
— Yes, it should be, next to the grocery store. Are you sure you're on Northeast 40th?
— Oh no, I'm on Northwest 40th. What should I do?
— OK, turn around and follow 40th back to State Street. Go under the freeway overpass to
the intersection. You'll see a gas station on the right. Go straight, and 40th will change from
northwest to northeast. Now the post office will be on your right, next to the DVD store.
Answer keys
1). Where is the man going?
(B) To the post office
2). What problem does the man have?
(C) He is on the wrong street.
3). How is the man most likely traveling?
(A) By car

This transcript refers to the audio file 156_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Yes, I have a bulk order I need to ship to India. How fast will it get there if I send it
express?
— Express will deliver within four days. That costs $2 per pound. If you need it there faster,
you could send it overnight. That will guarantee it arrives by tomorrow, but it costs $3.50 per
pound.
— I see. It isn't extremely urgent. Are there any cheaper options?
— Regular delivery is $1 a pound. It will get there in 7 to 10 days.
Answer keys
1). Where is the conversation most likely taking place?
(D) At a post office
2). How long will express delivery take?
(D) Four days
3). What does the woman say about her order?
(C) It needn't arrive quickly.

Photocopiable

78

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 157_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So Robin, are you ready to meet with our new clients on Friday?
— Actually, Ben, I'm not. Mr. Evans asked me to help Rebecca with a rush order yesterday,
so I'm behind on my presentation.
— Uh oh. I'll see if I can reschedule for Monday. Would that give you enough time to finish?
— Yes it would. I'll work all day Friday on it, then over the weekend if I need to. Don't worry,
I'll be ready by Monday. Thanks.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman's problem?
(B) She is unprepared.
2). What does the man suggest?
(B) Postponing a meeting
3). What will the man probably do next?
(D) Contact the new clients

This transcript refers to the audio file 158_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Michael, I can't accept this invoice from the Office Place store. Didn't you see the memo
last week? We are using Office Essentials now instead of Office Place.
— Really? No, I didn't see the memo. I was in Miami, and when I got back on Monday I was
swamped with work. It must be on my desk somewhere.
— OK. Is it too late to cancel the order with Office Place? If so, great. If not, I'll explain the
situation to accounting.
— Thanks, Darlene. I'll check it out.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the man have?
(C) He ordered from the wrong store.
2). What was the purpose of the memo?
(B) To announce a change in vendors
3). What does the woman suggest?
(C) Trying to stop an order

Photocopiable

79

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 159_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Jan. Do we enough participants for the research panel yet?
— No, we need three more. We're looking through our data base and phoning people who
meet the criteria. But so far either they don't qualify or aren't available to participate for two
hours. We need one low-income woman, one middle-class business man, and one highincome home owner of either gender.
— How about posting an online advertisement? That usually attracts lots of responses.
— Yes. If we haven't found three more participants by noon, I'll do that. We should have the
panel filled by this evening.
Answer keys
1). Why is the woman telephoning people?
(A) To complete a group
2). What does the man suggest the woman do?
(C) Advertise for more people
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(B) Make more telephone calls

This transcript refers to the audio file 160_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi. I deposited $500 into my checking account, but when I tried to withdraw, the ATM
machine outside wouldn't let me take it out.
— I see. When did you make the deposit?
— On Monday. It was a $500 check. Do you want the transaction number?
— No, I don't need it. If you deposited on Monday, the funds should be available to you by
tomorrow afternoon. We place a three-day hold on all deposits, to make sure the money
clears from the check-writer's bank.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely is the man?
(C) A customer service agent
2). What information does the woman offer to give the man?
(D) A verification code
3). Why can't the woman access her funds?
(C) There is a waiting period.

Photocopiable

80

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 161_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I don't understand this memo from the boss. It says on Fridays we can start wearing
casual clothes, but does that include T-shirts?
— No, it doesn't. See here. It says that short-sleeved shirts must have collars. T-shirts don't
have collars.
— Oh, I see. It also says no blue jeans. But what about black jeans?
— That's a good question. You should ask your manager.
Answer keys
1). Where is this discussion probably taking place?
(A) In an office
2). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(C) A policy change
3). What is true about employees' short-sleeved shirts?
(B) They must have collars.

This transcript refers to the audio file 162_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I heard that House of Coffee is going to close 200 stores. Their business is really hurting.
— Yeah, well, that may be. But they're still 500 stores ahead of us.
— Not for much longer. Our sales are increasing each quarter, and our new mocha freeze is
really taking off.
— It is! At this rate, we'll catch up to them sometime in the next five years.
Answer keys
1). What can be inferred about the speakers?
(B) They work for a coffee company.
2). What does the woman say about House of Coffee?
(D) Its business is shrinking.
3). Why are the speakers optimistic?
(A) Their sales are rising steadily.

Photocopiable

81

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 163_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I'm worried about Barry. He's been late to several company meetings, and he didn't attend
the managers' retreat last weekend. Also, sales in his department are down nearly 4 percent.
— Yes, I know. Barry's having some family issues, and I'm afraid they're affecting his work.
— You need to have a serious talk with him. I can sympathize with family problems, but the
bottom line is he has to get his act together, or we'll have to find someone else to do the job.
— Yes, sir. I'll talk with him tomorrow.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers talking about?
(A) A colleague
2). What does the woman say about Barry?
(B) He is having personal problems.
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) The woman should talk to Barry.

This transcript refers to the audio file 164_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Thomas? This is Debra. I'm on my way to Jim's office, but I'm a bit confused.
— Where are you?
— I'm at the 24th Street Station. Should I go north or south on 24th?
— Actually, the best thing to do would be to ride two more stops, to Alder Street. At the Alder
Street Station, go out the east door and turn left. Walk down Alder about two blocks to 24th,
and turn right. Jim's office will be a half-block down on the right hand side.
Answer keys
1). How is the woman most likely traveling?
(B) By subway
2). What problem does the woman have?
(D) She is at the wrong station.
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) Going to a different station

Photocopiable

82

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 165_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— What are doing Tammy? With all those books and papers, it looks like you're cramming
for a final exam.
— I am, in a way. I'm studying for my medical board certification next month. Nurses have to
be re-certified every five years, to be sure we're up-to-date with the latest health practices.
It's a four-hour test.
— I see. Don't worry too much. You've been a nurse for 12 years, so you've already passed
two of these. I'm sure you'll pass again — with flying colors!
— Thanks. I hope so. There have been a lot of changes in the field since my last medical
board exam. I'm trying to catch up on all of them.
Answer keys
1). What is the woman planning to do?
(C) Update her credentials
2). What advice does the man give the woman?
(A) To have confidence
3). How often must the woman take a medical-board test?
(C) Every five years

This transcript refers to the audio file 166_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, this is Ella from Business Brochures. We need to order printing paper, and I wanted to
inquire about your bulk rates. We're going to need 100 reams of white paper, and 300 reams
of colored paper.
— Thank you for calling. For the white paper, we offer a 10-percent discount, so that would
be $50 per ream. For the colored paper, we offer a 20-percent discount. It's more expensive,
so that would be $65 per ream.
— OK, thanks. I called Super Warehouse, and their prices are $40 a ream for the white and
$55 for the color, so I think we'll go with them.
— Hmm. Forty and 55? I'll beat those prices by 5 percent, if you'll order from us instead.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(B) Supplier-customer
2). Why is the woman phoning the man?
(D) To compare prices
3). What does the man offer to do?
(B) Top a competitor's price

Photocopiable

83

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 167_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Kelly, do you think you'd be able to trade shifts with me? You work my Friday shift, and I'll
work your Monday shift?
— Sorry Frank, I can't do that this week. It's too short a notice; I already have plans. Have
you checked with Tim? He was saying that he needs extra hours.
— Yes I have. In fact, I've checked with everyone else. You're my last hope.
— If you can wait, I can trade with you next Friday no problem.
Answer keys
1). What does Frank want to do?
(A) Have time off on Friday
2). What can be inferred about Tim?
(B) He wants to make more money.
3). What does the woman suggest that Frank do?
(C) Wait one more week

This transcript refers to the audio file 168_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Diego, have we received a fax from Chris at Complex Computers yet?
— We did, but it came through blurry. I called, and they said they were having problems with
their fax machine. They're trying to fix it.
— Mr. Ramon needs to review that document as soon as possible. It's the new service
contract for our office PCs.
— I'll phone Chris and see how they're doing. If the machine's still down, I'll have him scan
and e-mail it instead. Either way, I'll run it Mr. Ramon's office as soon as it arrives.
Answer keys
1). What problem do the speakers have?
(D) They have not received an important fax.
2). What is implied about Mr. Ramon?
(C) He is a manager at the speakers' company.
3). What does the man offer to do?
(B) Make a telephone call

Photocopiable

84

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 169_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, this is Tom Danielson with the Post-News. Could I speak to Ms. Markowitz please?
— Ms. Markowitz is out of the office until Monday. I can put you through to her voice mail.
— I need to speak with her as soon as possible. It's concerning a story I'm writing, and my
deadline is this afternoon. Is there any way I could reach her sooner than Monday?
— She does check her voice mail regularly. I can also reach her on her cell phone and ask
her to give you a call.
Answer keys
1). Who is the man?
(C) A reporter
2). What problem does the man have?
(A) Ms. Markowitz is unavailable.
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(B) Ask the man for his phone number

This transcript refers to the audio file 170_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Thank you Corey. Now to JC. How are you coming with arrangements for the exposition
this weekend?
— We have a bit of a problem. There was a last-minute rush of vendors, so we need 10
more booths, and we have to amend the programs to include all the extra names and
information.
— OK. Corey, can you find someone in your department to help arrange for more booths?
And Michelle, can you please get someone to proof the programs when they're ready. Is
there anything else?
— We need to order more food from the caterers, but I can have someone take care of that.
Answer keys
1). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(A) At a company meeting
2). What is JC's problem?
(B) There are more vendors than he expected.
3). What can be inferred about Corey?
(A) He is a department manager.

Photocopiable

85

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 171_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Steve, who's in charge of inventory?
— That's Selena, but she's off this week. So you'll need to talk with her assistant, Matt. He's
at lunch right now. If you need something immediately, ask Dana in accounting.
— That's OK, it's not urgent. Do you happen to know Matt's extension?
— Let's see...it's 692.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(C) Co-workers
2). Who does the woman need to talk with?
(B) Matt
3). What will the woman probably do next?
(A) Make a phone call

This transcript refers to the audio file 172_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I can't get a hold of Roger at Larson Brothers Inc. He doesn't return my e-mails, and I've
left two voice messages. I need to talk with him soon about renewing our contract.
— I'm sure it's nothing personal. He's probably been busy. Have you tried dropping in in
person? It's only a couple of blocks away from our building.
— That's a good idea! I should swing by and invite him to lunch. Everybody likes a free meal.
— Yes, then you can discuss the contract while you eat.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the man have?
(D) He can't reach a business contact.
2). What does the woman suggest?
(B) Taking Roger to lunch
3). Where is this conversation most likely taking place?
(C) In an office

Photocopiable

86

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 173_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Guess what! I overheard Mr. Gillis talking with the shop foreman yesterday. They're going
to be overhauling our entire production plant!
— Really? Good. It's about time. Our equipment is out-dated, and there's no ventilation in
there.
— Yes, that's what Mr. Gillis told the foreman. They talked about ordering state-of-the art
machinery, and totally redesigning the plant layout.
— Uh oh. If they automate most of the plant, that'll mean some workers will lose their jobs.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) A change at work
2). How did the woman learn of the plans for the plant?
(D) She listened to a conversation.
3). What worries the man about the new plant?
(C) Potential layoffs

This transcript refers to the audio file 174_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Marge. This is Sam. Look, I'm on my way to the airport. Could you do something for
me? I forgot a file on my desk. I need you to send it overnight delivery to the Concorde Hotel
in New York.
— OK, but I'm busy this afternoon preparing for a presentation. I'll get Cindy to do it.
— Thanks, that would be great. I need one other thing. Could you, or Cindy, please e-mail
Paul Butler and confirm our meeting for tomorrow afternoon at 2. I'd really appreciate it.
— All right, we'll get it done here. Have a good trip.
Answer keys
1). Why is the man calling the woman?
(B) To request a favor
2). Where is the man now?
(A) In transit
3). What does the man ask the woman to do?
(C) E-mail Paul Butler

Photocopiable

87

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 175_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Mr. Womak? This is Macy Cousins at Darby & Dodge. I'm calling to see if you've
had time to review the proposed revisions to our contract.
— Thank you Ms. Cousins. We received the contract last week. Our attorneys are still
looking at it. I'm told they think it looks good, but are making some minor changes pertaining
to the section on fees.
— Do you know when you might be able to send it back to us for final approval? Mr. Darby is
hoping to receive it by Friday.
— Yes, I think we'll be able to have it to him by Friday. I'll check with our legal staff, and
confirm that by this afternoon. Would that be all right?
Answer keys
1). What does the woman want to know?
(B) The status of a contract
2). Who most likely is Mr. Womak?
(C) A business executive
3). What is NOT true?
(A) Mr. Womak's firm did not receive the contract.

This transcript refers to the audio file 176_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi Victor, this is Molly. OK, I think I'm lost. I got off at Sandusky Street, but I don't see
West Vine Avenue. I've gone five blocks; now I'm at Sandusky and Pine.
— Pine? Oh, you went west on Sandusky. You should have turned east when you got off.
Turn around and head the other way on Sandusky. After it goes under the freeway, West
Vine will be the second intersection.
— Thanks. Which way should I turn on West Vine?
— Turn right. The post office will be about a half-block down on the left-hand side, next to the
furniture factory.
Answer keys
1). What problem does the woman have?
(A) She turned the wrong way.
2). Where is the woman going?
(C) To the Post Office
3). How is the woman probably traveling?
(D) By car

Photocopiable

88

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 177_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello? Yes, I need two rooms with double beds for the 15th through 17th, please.
— Let me see...I'm sorry, all our double rooms are booked for that weekend. We have rooms
with queen beds and king beds available.
— Hmm...the problem is, we need separate beds. If we booked one of those rooms, would it
be possible to add a cot or some other type of bed?
— Yes it would. Cots cost $10 extra per night, or I could book a room with a fold-out couch
for $20 extra.
Answer keys
1). Why does the man want to do?
(B) Make a hotel reservation
2). What can be inferred about the travelers' relationship?
(C) They are not intimate.
3). What does the woman offer to do?
(B) Add extra beds

This transcript refers to the audio file 178_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— OK, so now we have two finalists. Mark Peterson and Misty Chambers. Whom do you
prefer?
— Well, it's close, but I like Ms. Chambers. She has more experience, and I thought she
handled herself well under pressure during the second interview, when there four evaluators.
— I agree that she has more experience, but Mr. Peterson seems more creative and is very
talented. His industry award for computer design is impressive.
— It's your call. I'd be happy with either of them. Either one would be a great addition to our
team.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Company executives
2). What are the speakers talking about?
(B) A hiring decision
3). What does the woman say about Mark Peterson?
(D) She likes his creativity.

Photocopiable

89

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 179_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Excuse me, Ms. Farr. Could you sign this requisition for freelance pay? We need to
contract with a writer to help with content for our website redesign.
— I'll have to check with Mr. Bosworth. You know we're on a strict budget.
— Yes, I do. Mr. Bosworth has already approved it. He said we need to get the new website
up as soon as possible. Our designers are working overtime, so we need outside help with
writing and editing.
— I believe you, but I still need to hear it from Mr. Bosworth directly. He's in a meeting now.
Leave the form with me, and I'll check with him when he's through then send it to your desk.
— OK, thanks. Meanwhile, I'll have the freelancer get started.
Answer keys
1). What does the man want the woman to do?
(D) Approve an expenditure
2). Why does the man need to hire a freelancer?
(B) To write and edit a new web page
3). What will the man probably do next?
(C) Contact the freelancer

This transcript refers to the audio file 180_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— There are rumors that you're considering moving your firm from this city. Is that true?
— We were founded in this city, and we've been here 25 years. We don't want to move. But
we've been approached by other cities offering more attractive options, in terms of tax rates
and special incentives, and asking us if we'd consider a change.
— How have the mayor and city council responded to these concerns?
— Well, they're aware of the offers, and we're continuing negotiations. Our position is that we
provide a lot of jobs and a lot of income to this community over the past quarter century, but
we will have difficulty continuing to do so with the current tax structure.
— Have you set a deadline for making a decision?
Answer keys
1). Who most likely is the woman?
(B) A reporter
2). Which of the following is true?
(C) Other cities have offered lower taxes.
3). What can be inferred about the man?
(A) He is using the media to win public sympathy.

Photocopiable

90

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 181_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, Mr. Williams? This is Shana from Superior Catering. Your order for the office party
Friday afternoon should be ready by Friday morning.
— Oh good. Is it all right if I pick it up on Thursday? I'll be in a meeting on Friday morning.
— I wouldn't recommend doing that. The food will spoil. We could deliver it to you on Friday
morning, if you want. That way it will stay fresh.
— Really? That would be super! Thank you.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers discussing?
(B) The delivery of some food
2). What will the man do on Friday?
(B) Attend a meeting
3). What does the woman offer to do for the man?
(D) Deliver an order to his office

This transcript refers to the audio file 182_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey, you made it! How was your flight?
— It was awful! We sat on the tarmac for three hours while they looked for a different pilot. It
turned out that ours had exceeded the maximum flying hours allowed for one shift.
— Wow! Didn't they know that before letting passengers board the plane?
— Apparently not. The woman sitting next to me said she was going to call the airline and
tell them how dissatisfied she was.
Answer keys
1). What happened to the woman?
(A) Her flight was delayed.
2). What did the airline do?
(D) Replaced the plane's pilot
3). What did one passenger complain to the airline about?
(C) Poor scheduling of pilots

Photocopiable

91

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 183_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Mason, have you finished putting together that advertisement yet? We really need to run it
in Wednesday's paper.
— I'm almost done. I've just got a couple of questions for you. I listed two job openings for
reporters. Is there anything else?
— Yes, we also need to advertise for an assistant for clerical support. We haven't had
enough help lately.
— And we should require the reporters to send us writing samples, right? You know, given
the current job market, I'm very optimistic about who we'll get.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers doing?
(B) Discussing an advertisement
2). What problem does the woman mention?
(A) A lack of clerical support
3). How does the man feel?
(C) Hopeful

This transcript refers to the audio file 184_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, Kamla. Do you have a minute? I wanted to talk to you about the group of employees
that will be visiting us from our Singapore office next week.
— Yes, I remember your mentioning their visit. You need a meeting room reserved for the
morning, right?
— That's right. Could you please do that today?
— Of course. I'd be happy to. I could make arrangements for lunch to be brought in as well, if
you'd like.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers discussing?
(B) Arrangements for a visit
2). What does the man ask Kamla to do?
(C) Reserve a meeting room
3). What does Kamla offer to do?
(C) Order food for a meeting

Photocopiable

92

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 185_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Could you please connect me to Shelly Wang's room?
— Just a moment, please... I'm sorry, I can't find anyone by that name in our records. Are
you sure she's staying here?
— Yes, I'm sure. I was just talking to her a few minutes ago. Oh, wait, I made a mistake. It's
Shelly Wong, not Wang.
— Oh, yes, I see her name. She's in 302. Let me connect you to her room.
Answer keys
1). Where does the, man probably work?
(C) In a hotel
2). What does the caller do?
(A) Ask to speak to someone
3). What is the problem?
(C) The caller gave the wrong name.

This transcript refers to the audio file 186_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Good morning. This is Conway Contractors, here to assist you with all your home needs.
How may I help you?
— Hi. My name's Lenora Steele, and one of your workers came to my house yesterday and
gave me an estimate for remodeling my basement. I'd like to accept the bid and have the
work done, but I'm not sure how to proceed.
— Let's see. Steele…oh, here it is. Well, you're going to need to get a permit from the city
planning office for the construction work, and from City Light for the electrical wiring. Then
you can call us back to schedule it for some time next month.
— OK, but I thought you'd be able to start next week. At least, that's what your worker told
me.
Answer keys
1). What type of business does the man have?
(B) Home construction
2). What does the man tell the woman to do?
(D) Obtain permits from the city
3). When did the woman expect the work to be started?
(C) Next week

Photocopiable

93

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 187_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Are you all set for the sales conference in Toronto?
— Kind of. I've registered to attend the conference, but I haven't reserved a room yet.
— You really should do that soon. I booked my room last week, and the hotels near the
conference were already full. I'm staying ten miles from the convention center.
— Well, if I can't get a hotel room, I've got a back-up plan. I'll just stay with my nephew. He
has an apartment downtown.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(A) Plans to attend a conference
2). What does the woman suggest the man do?
(A) Make hotel reservations soon
3). Where will the man probably stay?
(B) With a relative

This transcript refers to the audio file 188_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hi, Deb. I was wondering if you would like to play softball with us on Sunday afternoon.
— Uh... thanks Paul. It sounds like fun, but I'm really out of shape. Besides, I haven't swung
a bat or thrown a ball in years.
— That's all right. We just play to socialize, have some fun, and get a little exercise. Don't
worry about it, we're not professionals! We'd love to have you on the team, and we could
really use you on Sunday. One of our players was injured during the last game.
— Oh. In that case, then I'll see you at the field.
Answer keys
1). What does the man say about the softball team?
(D) It is a relaxed and noncompetitive team.
2). Why does the woman not want to play?
(C) She does not think she is physically fit.
3). What does the woman decide to do?
(B) Participate in the game

Photocopiable

94

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 189_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Mr. Ramirez. This is Helen Luna at Magnum Heating Supplies. I've been going over
our customer records, and I see that you currently use our Model 200 filters for your heating
systems. I'm just calling to ask: have you considered upgrading to the Model 201 filters?
— I guess it's a possibility, but the 200's seem to be doing the job just fine for us.
— Well, the reason I ask is that for the next 90 days the Model 201 filters will be on sale for
the same price as the Model 200's you're using now, so this would be a good time to change
to the newer model.
— Interesting. Well, why don't you send me some more information and I'll consider it.
Answer keys
1). What is the purpose of the woman's call?
(C) She wants to sell a product.
2). What will be different for the next 90 days?
(B) The cost of some filters
3). What does the man say he will do?
(B) Read some information about filters

This transcript refers to the audio file 190_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Mary! How are you doing? Have you decided whether you're going to stay with us
another year?
— Yes. I don't think I will. I've applied for a job at a Adams Elementary for next year.
— You have? Really? That's great, but…I thought you liked it here.
— Oh, I do. This is a great school, and I'll hate to leave. The thing is, I'd really prefer to teach
younger children, and Adams has an opening for a second-grade teacher.
Answer keys
1). Where do the speakers probably work?
(B) In a school
2). How does the man feel about the woman's news?
(D) Surprised
3). Why does the woman plan to change her job?
(A) She wants to teach younger children.

Photocopiable

95

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 191_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Mr. Crowther is coming to us from Southwell Inc. Didn't you used to work there?
— Yes, I did. I know John Crowther, but he wasn't my direct supervisor.
— Well, he must be good, with the results he got at Southwell. What did his employees think
of him?
— From what I could tell, they liked working for him. They said he was tough but fair.
Answer keys
1). Who are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) A new supervisor
2). What can be inferred about John Crowther?
(C) He was successful at Southwell Inc.
3). What is true of the woman?
(B) She once worked at Southwell Inc.

This transcript refers to the audio file 192_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— That sounds great. What's your address please?
— It's 2233 Courtside Drive Northeast, Suite 1. Do you need directions?
— No, that's okay. I can use Map World on the Internet. Should we say two o'clock?
— Could we make it three? I've got a 1:30 appointment, and I want to be sure and be
available when you get here.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers planning to do?
(D) Have a meeting
2). How will the woman obtain directions?
(A) By using her computer
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) Delaying one hour

Photocopiable

96

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 193_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— I'll fax a copy of the agreement to you right away.
— Our fax machine's been kind of spotty lately. Would it be possible to send it as an e-mail
attachment? I'll print it out, sign it, and then mail it back.
— That would work, except that we need it by noon tomorrow. Will it get here in time if you
send it snail mail?
— It will if I send it overnight delivery. They guarantee a noon arrival.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely are the speakers?
(A) Business associates
2). What problem does the woman have?
(B) Her fax machine is not working well.
3). What will the man probably do next?
(D) Send the woman an e-mail

This transcript refers to the audio file 194_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hello, Lawrence? This is Carolyn. I've run into a problem with the schedule tomorrow. Our
10 o'clock presenter, Dr. Fitzsimmons, is stuck at the St. Louis airport. The soonest flight he
can catch won't get him here until 10:30.
— All right. He'll need to rest and eat. Why don't we switch his morning session for one of the
2 o'clock sessions?
— That's a good idea. I'll check with our 2 o'clock presenters and see if one of them will
change.
— Let me know as soon as you've arranged it. I'll get a sign posted at the registration table.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers most likely discussing?
(C) A business conference
2). What problem does the woman have?
(B) A speaker will arrive late.
3). What does the man suggest?
(C) Changing the schedule

Photocopiable

97

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 195_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— There must be some mistake. I ordered 16 crates of tomatoes, not 6.
— Let me see, sir. The order number's 3432-A. Here it is…Oh, it's my bad. The one on the
16 smeared, and it was hard to read.
— That's OK, we all make mistakes. But what can we do about it? I need those tomatoes,
'cause I'm advertising a big sale starting tomorrow.
— No problem sir. I'll radio the warehouse, and another driver will special deliver them this
afternoon.
— Thanks, I really appreciate it.
Answer keys
1). Who most likely is the man?
(D) A store manager
2). What mistake did the woman make?
(A) She misread a number.
3). How does the man feel toward the woman?
(B) Sympathetic

This transcript refers to the audio file 196_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Nick, this is Patricia. Can you do something for me, please?
— Sure Patricia. What do you need?
— I can't get a hold of Kevin. His line's been busy for the last 10 minutes, and I've got to go.
Could you please call him and tell him I won't be able to have lunch with him today. I have to
meet with a client who just came into town.
— OK, no problem. Do you want me to reschedule for tomorrow?
Answer keys
1). Why is Patricia calling Nick?
(A) To ask for a favor
2). Why can't Patricia reach Kevin?
(C) He is talking on the phone.
3). What does Nick offer to do?
(D) Set a new lunch date

Photocopiable

98

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 197_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— To get to the airport, should I take Interstate 12 south to Highway 620?
— Hmm. At this time of day, it'll probably be faster to take State Route 89, then head east on
620 to the airport exit.
— I see. Then how do I get from here to State Route 89?
— Head east on First Avenue, then turn left on Fir Street. Go one block on Fir Street and turn
right. You'll see a sign saying "south 89."
Answer keys
1). What does the woman advise the man to do?
(B) Take an alternate route
2). What does the woman imply about Interstate 12?
(B) It is crowded.
3). What should the man do on Fir Street?
(B) Look for a sign

This transcript refers to the audio file 198_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Mr. Munson phoned this morning. He said the owners are willing to come down to $2,000
a month for the office on Water Street.
— That's still too high. Besides, I'd prefer not to move downtown. Did Mr. Munson say
anything about the suites in the Mason Building on Magnolia Boulevard?
— He said he's still waiting to hear back from the Mason Building's owner. Oh, he also asked
if we'd be interested in a 1,500-square foot office in Pineville.
— Hmm. Pineville's nice, but that's too small. The way we're growing, we need 2,000 square
feet at the minimum.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers talking about?
(C) Relocating their office
2). Who most likely is Mr. Munson?
(A) A real estate agent
3). What can be inferred about the Mason Building?
(A) It is not located downtown.

Photocopiable

99

© www.english-test.net

TOEIC® based exercises, part III – Transcripts and answer keys

This transcript refers to the audio file 199_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— Hey Jean, I'm making a lunch run for subway sandwiches. What do you want?
— I'd like a six-inch club sandwich, a bag of potato chips, and a large Sprite. No, wait, make
that an iced tea.
— OK. What condiments do you want on your sandwich? And what kind of bread?
— Whole wheat, please. And I'd like everything except mayonnaise and mustard.
Answer keys
1). What is the relationship between the speakers?
(D) Colleague-colleague
2). What is the man going to do?
(C) Pick up lunch and bring it back to the office
3). What is NOT true of the woman?
(B) She wants mayonnaise on her sandwich

This transcript refers to the audio file 200_TOEIC_part3.mp3
— So, have you had a chance to review the bids for the renovation project? What do you
think?
— Well, Carlton Brothers' was the cheapest, but I'm not sold on the quality of their work. I
think they cut too many corners to bring the price down. The bid from Stuller & Sons is 15
percent higher, but I think it's worth the extra cost. How about you?
— Carlton Brothers did a project for my friend's company, and she thought they did a great
job. I don't know much about Stuller & Sons, but I liked some of the suggestions in their
bid — like using track lighting instead of canned. I think you're probably right.
— Let's recommend Stuller to the board of directors tomorrow, then. Of course, they still to
get to vote on it, but they usually follow the staff recommendation.
Answer keys
1). What are the speakers mainly discussing?
(B) Cost estimates for a work project
2). Which of the following is true?
(A) Carlton Brothers submitted the lowest bid.
3). What will happen tomorrow?
(C) There will be a board of directors meeting.

Photocopiable

100

© www.english-test.net

